# Capitolo 16

Pagine: 154-163

actual research was conducted by Silent Sevenstar , with Rudeus as her sponsor . However , for some unknown reason old merchant and noble families, along with those involved in the Millis Church, curse Rudeus as the “taboo breaker .” Memoirs and Code It is believed that the records of the research above were written in the fifty-two volumes that form the Book of Rudeus . Since they are written entirely in a code only used between himself and Silent Sevenstar that is yet to be fully decrypted, however , their credibility is questionable. Build and Character Rudeus was approximately 175 centimeters tall and had, for a magician, a comparatively strong and muscular build. He had pale skin, and his eyes were mismatched, as used the eye of foresight right eye and the Eye of Distant Sight for his left. He is never described as handsome, but his wife Sylphiette is said to have thought, “Looking at his face for just a few seconds was enough to make me weak at the knees” when they met at the Magic University . His other wives, Eris Greyrat and Roxy M. Greyrat, didn’ t make any comment on his looks, but we can assume he wasn’ t exceptionally ugly . His preferred outfit is supposed to have been a light gray robe without a hat. He was disinterested in clothing in his youth. It is written in the remaining records that while attending university he “wore a robe fraying at the hem,” and in the Asura Kingdom “a number of nobles looked disapprovingly at his strange appearance when he presented himself in the audience chamber .” He came to pay more attention to his personal appearance after turning twenty , and around 430 Armored Dragon King Perugius commented that, “he has made himself more presentable lately .” While insensitive to his own appearance, he was fastidious about cleanliness, renovating a room of his home into a lar ge bath which he is said to have used every day .

Rudeus was feared in Sharia, but he was also more beloved than any other magician, as can be seen in his grand funeral and the many mourners who attended, as well as in the monument erected in a corner of the Magic University engraved with Rudeus’ s own words. Rudeus is believed to have been sociable, with a kind and good- natured personality , but his intense libido did not go without comment. Descriptions remain of how he touched and fondled his wives without any restraint or regard for watchers-on. He was, in fact, devoted to his wives and never made a move on other women, so some historians opine that his lechery is a groundless rumor . In addition, he was of such a gentle disposition that he smiled through insults and violence directed at him, but when harm came to his family or friends he would get into such a fury that at times he became violent. The following anecdotes describe Rudeus’ s personality: “At a party in the Asura Kingdom, when a noble made fun of Rudeus’ s wife, Rudeus seized him by the throat and dragged him out of the party , burned a whole forest to ash before his eyes, and demanded an apology .” “When his great friends Linia and Pursena broke a figurine modeled on his wife, Rudeus punished them in the most humiliating way possible for beastfolk.” “When Perugius invited Rudeus to the floating fortress to name his child, Rudeus, misunderstood and thought Perugius intended to harm the child. He appeared fully armed and threatened Perugius that there would be war if any harm came to his child.” * It should be noted that the veracity of these anecdotes is unconfirmed. While Rudeus is not generally well-known, the majority of the world’ s most prominent figures know of him and regard him with admiration or awe.

A piece of white cloth was found in his pocket after his death. His wife Roxy hurried to hide it, leading to rumors that some great secret might be concealed within it. It is unclear whether those rumors contain any shred of truth. He is said to be the origin point for the Theory of Critical Period for Mana Capacity , namely that mana capacity can be strengthened in early childhood, and is resultantly responsible for its incorporation into education. He loved rice, eggs, and the ogre water of the Biheiril Kingdom. He is also said to have had an unsavory habit of eating eggs raw . Records indicate he worshipped some unknown dark god. Puzzlingly , no gods can be matched to the coat of arms he worshipped—we can assume this god disappeared in antiquity , or Rudeus perhaps created this god for himself. Some also theorize that he was irreligious, or that he worshipped the Dragon God. Family & Relatives THE GREYRAT FAMILY A high-ranking noble family in the Asura Kingdom. It contains the four families of Notos, Boreas, Zephyros, and Euros. All four families governed their own lar ge domain, which is why they are also called the Four Great Houses. Rudeus was a direct descendant of the Notos Greyrats, but his father Paul ran away from his family and was therefore expunged from the Notos Greyrat family tree. PAUL GREYRAT: father . Eldest son of the Notos Greyrats, a high-ranking Asuran noble family . Ran away as a young man and became an adventurer . Later , he met Zenith, then appealed to his old friend Philip Boreas Greyrat and became a low-ranking knight of the Fittoa Region.

ZENITH GREYRAT: mother . Second daughter of the Latrias of the Holy Land of Millis. LILIA GREYRAT: maid. Paul’ s lover . NORN GREYRAT: legitimate younger sister . Novelist. AISHA GREYRAT: younger sister by his stepmother . Advisor to Ruquag’ s Mercenary Band. SYLPHIETTE GREYRAT: wife. One quarter elf. ROXY M. GREYRAT: wife. Demon (of the Migurd). Headmistress of the Magic University . ERIS GREYRAT: Wife. Human. Sword King. LUCIE GREYRAT: eldest daughter . LARA GREYRAT: second daughter . ARS GREYRAT: eldest son. SIEGHEART SALADIN GREYRAT: second son. LILY GREYRAT: third daughter . CHRISTINA GREYRAT: fourth daughter . OTHER ASSOCIATED INDIVIDUALS ZANOBA SHIRONE: upperclassman at the Magic University . A former prince of Shirone. President of a figurine company . Blessed Child of fantastic strength. The publication of the picture book The Super d’s Adventur e was largely thanks to his and Norn’ s efforts. Zanoba respected Rudeus as his mentor , but Rudeus always said, “When it comes to knowledge of figurines, Zanoba’ s the best.” CLIFF GRIMOR: upperclassman at the Magic University . Later became the pope of the Millis Church. He is said to have protected Rudeus, who was often in some trouble or other with the Millis Church. Rudeus reportedly relied on him and is believed to have said with conviction that “I wouldn’ t be here if it weren’ t for Clif f.”

SILENT SEVENSTAR: upperclassman at the Magic University . Also known as the W itch Nanahoshi. She set up teleportation circles in nations throughout the world and collaborated with Rudeus to develop and bring about many revolutionary inventions. ARIEL ANEMOI ASURA: Queen of the Asura Kingdom. According to the Chronicle of the Asura Kingdom , right before her death, she told her trusted retainer Luke that, “it is lar gely thanks to Rudeus’ s efforts that the Asura Kingdom is at peace today . Be sure not to make an enemy of him after my death.” ALEXANDER K. RYBAK: North God Kalman III. Originally number seven of the Seven Great Powers. The “left hand of the Dragon God.” After Rudeus stepped down from the center stage, Alexander is believed to have gone around the nations of the world as the Dragon God’ s representative in his stead. LINIANA DEDOLDIA: Leader of Ruquag’ s Mercenary Band. As the leader of her beastfolk tribe, she is believed to have served as an intermediary between Rudeus and the beastfolk. PURSENA ADOLDIA: Second-in-command of Ruquag’ s Mercenary Band. Like Liliana, as leader of a beastfolk tribe, she is believed to have served as an intermediary between Rudeus and the beastfolk. PERUGIUS DOLA: The Armored Dragon King, one of the Three Godslayers. A prominent figure in the Asura Kingdom and Silent Sevenstar ’s mentor . There are frequent references to Rudeus in The Chronicle of the Asura Kingdom, but the nature of his relationship with Rudeus is unknown. ORSTED: The Dragon God. Number two of the Seven Great Powers. Though Rudeus’ s covert activities are assumed to have been in service to Orsted’ s goals, details of these activities are unknown. Orsted very rarely appeared center stage, but he attended Rudeus’ s funeral and allegedly was with the family to witness Rudeus’ s death. Bibliography

The Royal Asura Historiographical Institute. The Chr onicle of the Asura Kingdom . The Asura Kingdom, 480. Greyrat, Norn. The Super d’s Adventur e. Zanoba Figurine Company , 427. Greyrat, Norn. Aisha Gr eyrat: The Agonies of Genius. Ruquag’ s Mercenary Band, 455. Greyrat, Norn. The Adventur es of Rudeus the Gr eat Magician . Zanoba Figurine Company , 470. Greyrat, Norn. Surrounded by Genius: an Autobiography of a Mediocrity . Zanoba Figurine Company , 482. The Millis Church Archival Division. Millis Chur ch Minutes. Millis Church, 460. The Royal Biheiril Historiographical Institute. The History of the Biheiril Kingdom 420-430. The Biheiril Kingdom, 433. Dedoldia, Liniana. Activity Log of Ruquag’ s Mer cenary Band. Ruquag’ s Mercenary Band, 456. Juliette. Zanoba Figurine Company Executive Committee Minutes. 477. Silent Sevenstar . Textbook of Magic: New Edition. 442. Bradicant. Great Figur es and Her oes of the W orld. Publisher unknown, 480. —Recorded by Deputy Head Archivist Clule Elrond of the Royal Asuran Archive

Afterword (Excerpted fr om The Book of Rudeus, V ol. 26) R IGHT, SO UP UNTIL NOW I’ve just been scribbling things down in this diary . Now that I’ve filled over twenty-five books and made a bit of a name for myself, I’ve had this strange idea. Maybe, just maybe, someone might read this. I wrote it all in Japanese, so theoretically , no one in this world should be able to read it. Still, someone with too much free time might decode it, and after I die, someone else who came from the same world as me might read it. …I’d feel pretty bad if someone actually put all the ef fort into decoding these when there’ s nothing all that important written in them. But I mean, that’ s just what diaries are like, right? Whatever purpose someone decodes it for , it won’ t go out into the world until after I’m dead. I’d like to record for later generations that Dragon God Orsted wasn’ t a bad person. And then there’ s that other thing… Okay , so as I’ve written a few times in these diaries, I’m not originally from this world. I died in another world and was reborn here. I’ve decided not to write my name from my previous life. If the person reading this knew the person I was in my old world, they might get the wrong idea. Still, I might have a previous life, but aside from that I’m not actually special. If you’ve decoded this diary and are reading it, you’ll know that I lived an ordinary life in this world. I didn’ t choose to be reborn, and in the end, I never found out what caused it. No big deal. I just lived the best life I could—so that if I died the next day , I’d have no regrets. That’ s what’ s important. You may scof f at that, whoever it is who’ s reading this diary . Maybe you’re thinking, “He was just lucky with where he was born,” or , “Easy for this guy to say when he was blessed with talent.” Or maybe you’ve seen my portrait, so you put it down to my pretty face…

I mean, as I wrote in here the other day , Clif f told me his classmates said things like that. They said he had an unfair advantage because he’d been born into good circumstances, and they hadn’ t. He said he felt really uncomfortable about it. That made me think about my own privileges. T o be honest, my own upbringing was pretty cushy . Paul, my father , was a scumbag when it came to women, but he wasn’ t a bad person. The real scumbag stuf f was how he got caught cheating, then lied about it even though there was damning evidence, then played dumb, then lashed out like he was the victim… If I cheated, then tried to pull something like that, Eris would beat me up, Sylphie would hate me, and Roxy would have nothing but contempt. I’d end up losing everything. Jeez, that’ s a scary thought. I couldn’ t have asked for a better mother than Zenith. She was young when her mind failed, but when you consider what it’ s usually like to care for a bedridden person by comparison, it wasn’ t so bad. I did end up pretty much entirely handing her of f to Lilia and Sylphie, but compared to my previous life, where I wasn’ t able to do anything for my parents, I think I did all right by her . The point is, I was born to parents who loved me. I can’ t say we wanted for nothing, but at the very least we didn’ t have any debt, and my parents weren’ t fighting over money every day . That was kinda lucky . I also had a talent for magic. I had a leg up from the knowledge from my past life and a vast pool of mana from the Laplace aspect. It’ s thanks to both that I was able to excel in unvoiced magic. Even if you searched the world over you’d have a hard time finding anyone who can shoot a Stone Cannon harder or faster than me. While I’d like to chalk it up to my own hard work, I’m pretty sure it was the gifts I was born with. Just luck, really . So far as my looks go, I reckon I’m better of f now than I was, but for all that…I still haven’ t had many women take an interest in me just for my face. On the flip side, I have been treated unfairly because people didn’ t like my face before. Soldat, for example, said he didn’ t like the look of me. He might have been talking about my expression, though. Expressions are important, too. Most people aren’ t repelled by my face, at any rate. More luck.

I don’ t doubt it’ s that good luck that gave me the motivation to try hard. Still, I wonder . What if I’d been even better of f? How would I have turned out if, say , I’d been born an Asuran aristocrat, never wanting for money or women or anything else? I know I’m a bit of a perv , and there’ve been times when that perviness motivated me to work hard. Not having those sorts of things for all those years is what allowed me to appreciate them. If it’d been easy for me to get with women, if I’d had women throwing themselves at me, and all without having to lift a finger , would I have seen the value in it? I wonder if I wouldn’ t have just gotten bored early on and stopped making any ef fort to make women like me. The same goes for magic. I’ve worked my ass of f practicing magic every single day . My training looks tedious from the outside, but it’ s because I kept going with it that I can now wield magic with a high level of precision. What if the first time I picked up a magic textbook I’d been able to cast not just Beginner -tier, but Advanced-tier—or even God-tier magic? Would I have gone on training hard after that? I think people find value and strive for the things they can’ t have— the things that don’ t come easily . In the end, we all have to play with the hand we’re dealt, but there’ll always be something in our hand we’re unhappy with. Someone else will be envious of one of your cards while you yourself are unable to see its worth. I know I sound like I’m bragging, but I do have a past life. My home in my past life was even better of f than Paul’ s, and as far as talent goes, if I hadn’ t given up, I could’ve made something of myself. I’m probably better looking now , but if I’d exercised and slimmed down a bit, and groomed my hair and eyebrows, I wouldn’ t have looked half bad. Looking back, I had way more advantages back then than in this life. Despite all that, despite the privilege I had, I stayed a garbage person. When I died, that was what I regretted. So even if I hadn’ t been born in a peaceful village like Buena, even if it had been the slums of the Conflict Zone, or if I’d been abused by my parents, or if when I first opened a magic textbook I hadn’ t managed to whip up so much as a water bomb… I feel like I’d have still tried my best. I doubt my life would have been as happy as this one. I might have resented the world more. But if nothing else, I think I’d have acted more than I did in my previous life. I think I would have lived with the desperation of a

drowning man. I’m sure that life would have been worth more than my previous one. If anything, even if that truck didn’ t hit me and I went on living in my original world without getting reincarnated, if I’d only had a bit of luck, I might have been able to apply myself. W ell, okay , it wouldn’ t have been easy. I was an incredible sulk back then, so it took the jumbo-size helping of luck that let me be reincarnated to finally get me moving. What I’m trying to say is that circumstances are all relative, and sometimes “good circumstances” actually means having a few things that seem like disadvantages. I’m not here to tell you not to blame things on the way things are for you. I know I’ve been privileged. I try to remember there are people in terrible circumstances out there. I don’ t mean to pretend to know what that’s like. All I’m saying is that, whether you get a good hand or a bad one, if you want to be satisfied with your life, you have to live life as hard and as fully as you can. It’s not like those classmates of Clif f’s were that badly of f. I guess they were unlucky with their parents, but they had enough drive to get into school through their own ef forts and to work towards their goals. Anyway , for my part, I’ve given my all to my life in this world. Naturally , I’m going to continue to do so. Maybe to others, my “all” seemed a little shallow and unserious. Don’ t other people’ s lives always seem that way? And no matter what anyone says about you, it’ s not going to change your life, so why care about it? Y ou know? So, hey , if you’re reading this, live your life to the fullest… Ugh, we’re getting real preachy here, huh? I must be getting old. I guess it’ s happened. I’ve become a dad. Right, that’ s enough talk about circumstances. It turned into a bit of a lecture. Now , I wonder who decoded my language. Maybe a scholar or something? Or a magician, expecting some amazing magical secret concealed within the pages of my diary… Either way , sorry for the lack of amazing secrets. I’ve said pretty much all of what I know about magic to