# Capitolo 3

Pagine: 23-32

“Gyaaaah!” Even at this distance, I could tell Mother was mad. Y ou wouldn’ t guess it to look at her , but she was fully initiated in North God Style. Our arts had made great strides in the past few hundred years. On top of that, she was an immortal demon king. After however many thousands of years raining terror down upon humans, her power was uncontested. Just her name was enough to make any demon king who knew her of old tremble. Yet she was powerless against Badigadi, as were the other three. Miss Eris’ s sword moved too fast for the eye to see, but she couldn’ t cut through Badigadi. Master Ruijerd’ s dead-on hits were all parried. Badigadi dominated. Atofe’ s personal guard encircled him at a distance, flinging magic at him. Ice arrows, flame arrows, and stone cannons all rained down on Badigadi—but it was as though every move was snuf fed out right before it made contact. The guards’ spells didn’ t reach Geese. W as that the Fighting God Armor ’s power , or was Geese using a Magic Item? Probably the latter . I didn’ t know much about Geese, but I was sure he’d done his homework where Master Rudeus was concerned. The Man-God was involved here, so it was best to assume that he had a plan worked out for how to counter us. In other words, our first priority was to take down Geese. Unfortunately , you only had to look at how badly Mother was struggling to know that getting close to him would be no easy task. “I’ll hit him with magic first!” Rudeus called. “Back me up!” After watching the battle for a while, Master Rudeus seemed to have made up his mind. Despite coming across as a bit of a coward, when the moment of crisis came, he wasn’ t running. He inhaled. I sensed the magic gathering in his hands. For a moment, I hesitated, unsure whether he might catch Mother and the Ogre God in whatever he was going to do. His tar get…well, who else would it be? It was Geese. He’d reached the same conclusion I had. W ith his magic, it should’ve been simple to directly attack an opponent he had a clear line of sight on. What sort of magic was he planning on using? The spells he favored were Stone Cannon, Quagmire, and Deep Mist… But the Stone Cannons the guards were firing were being vaporized.

“All right.” Master Rudeus raised his hand above his head, and a sudden gust of wind bellowed. The air crackled with unbridled magic. I looked up at the sky and saw at once that black clouds had closed over the dark sky . They were growing. Rain began to fall around us. In the distance, a roll of thunder . The wind howled, stirring up waves on the ocean. This had to be the Saint-tier water spell, Cumulonimbus…except that spell was solely for use against enemy armies. Even if it did work on the Fighting God, it would also do terrible damage to our allies. The ocean swelled before my eyes. As the waves started to grow lar ger, Mother and the others looked like they were struggling a little. Only a little, mind you. Master Rudeus must’ve intended to strike just beyond them with the King-tier water spell, Lighting. Usually , you’d compress Cumulonimbus before it was complete and bring it down as lighting. This time, the clouds went on expanding. T ornadoes spun up around them and the fierce winds and rain lashed at my face. W ith my poor understanding of magic, I wouldn’ t have seen it, but I knew of fensive strategy , and so I understood: a special technique. Master Rudeus was about to use a special technique. The waves grew higher , and the shockwaves from the three who continued to fight sent up plumes of water . Clouds filled the entirety of the sky. It was dark and I couldn’ t even see fifty meters in front of me due to the rain. Even then, while I wouldn’ t have lost sight of my opponent, I wouldn’ t be surprised if these fighters had lost sight of Rudeus. He, by contrast, was aided by the Eye of Distant Sight. The demon eye would no doubt be fixed as usual on the three fighters. Demon King Badigadi neutralized the power of demonic eyes, so he, and Geese up there on his shoulder , would be nigh impossible to make out. But Master Rudeus had to be able to see Atofe and the Ogre God, and so know where to aim.

Master Rudeus’ s raised hand closed in a fist. An accumulation of magic, so enormous I felt my hair stand on end, rose into the heavens. Just like that, the clouds contracted. Those clouds that had seemed as though they might cover the whole world vanished in an instant. I could see the moon. He was waiting for his moment. I didn’ t say anything. Not, “Now!” Or, “On my word!” or anything else. Why? Because Master Rudeus knew what he was doing. He wouldn’ t miss his mark. Mother and the Ogre God both attacked at once, and Badigadi threw both of them back. For a split second, there was distance between them and the Fighting God. That was the moment. Rudeus swung his arm down. “Lightning.” It was like no Lightning I’d ever seen before. The spell Lightning compresses thunderclouds to bring down a bolt of lightning. But what came shooting down now wasn’ t lightning. It was a pillar of light. The moment it materialized, all sound around us was blotted out. For a moment, the rain stopped, and the world was engulfed in still, frigid brightness. Beneath the pillar of light, a vast tower of water rose. Then came a thunderous rumble, akin to the thunder after ordinary lightning, battering my eardrums. “…and…to…of earth…” Through the roar , I heard snatches of Master Clif f’s incantation. In response, Master Rudeus began to prepare another spell. A mass of water rushing toward me obscured my vision. The impact of his Lightning spell had raised a tidal wave on an Apocalyptic scale. Before my eyes, the water rushed closer , sweeping up everything in its path — “Sand Swarm.” It collided with the mass of sand, and the two slammed into one another , each canceling the other out. Through the combination of Master Rudeus and Master Clif f’s magic, the water dissipated into brown rain, muddying the waters of the ocean and the beach. I watched the rain fall, then turned back to the Fighting God.

I strained my eyes, trying to locate a trace of gold. I found nothing. I couldn’ t make out any trace of him. “Did I get him?” Master Rudeus murmured, perhaps not realizing he’d said it out loud. Not that saying it could rob us of a victory , but it was still an unlucky phrase. I knew from experience. If you’re muttering, “Did I get him?” you didn’ t. I twitched, sensing something above me. I looked up. Miss Eris and Master Ruijerd seemed to have sensed it too. A split second later , a pillar of sand materialized. Something was coming down out of the sky . Even drenched in the muddy rain, it sparkled. Gold. “Ugh.” I heard Master Rudeus groan. It hit the ground right in front of him. Even in the Magic Armor , the golden armor was twice his size. W as what lay beneath that helmet really the face I knew? “Thought I was a goner ,” came a voice from the armor ’s shoulder . Its source was the mud-drenched, monkey-faced demon, Geese Nukadia. Then, the armor spoke. “I am Fighting God Badigadi! Friend to the Man-God, heir to the name of Fighting God! I challenge Rudeus Greyrat to single combat!” “N-no thank you!” “Fwahahaha! Y ou’re wasting your breath!” There was no time to stop him. The golden armor ’s punch hit Rudeus straight on. One hit was all it took. One hit and the Magic Armor fell apart. Rudeus was thrown into the sky , falling back to the ground with a thud. “Rudeus!” Miss Eris’ s cry echoed around us. *** Have you ever seen someone mauled, then tossed out like an old rag?

I have. I’ve seen it more times than I can count, and I’ve done it to people with my own hands. I wasn’ t on the giving side of it this time. Just now, the majestic Magic Armor had been torn into scrap metal, Rudeus tumbling from it like a ragdoll. He was face down at first, so I couldn’ t see it, but he was at least ragged enough to make the scrappy regulars at your tavern laugh and say , “Looking handsome, boy!” Over the following ten seconds, the rest of our side fell to pieces. Mother exploded. The attack left only her legs behind, and now she had to regenerate. Of course, she’d be back and cackling before too long. The Ogre God was beaten black and blue, and his arm was broken. Ogres are hard to kill, but going of f the amount of blood coming out of his mouth, if he didn’ t get a healing spell soon, he was going to die. W ith Rudeus down too, morale plummeted. Miss Eris ran to Rudeus’ s side, calling out to him as she held her sword at the ready . Master Ruijerd wasn’ t such a coward that he’d give up the fight just because his commander went down, but he was visibly shaken. Master Clif f had lost his nerve and Miss Elinalise’ s shield was shattered, forcing her withdrawal. Moore would fight on to the death for my mother , but without her , it looked like he’d decided to retreat. The time had come. I reached down and picked up my mother ’s fallen sword, the sword of Demon King Atoferatofe. One of the forty-eight magic swords crafted by the great demon swordsmith Julian Harisco. This was the magic sword Jawbreaker . That gruf f old mule of a smith had made an of fering of it to my mother in his father ’s honor . Apparently , she’d shown a rare display of gravitas when she accepted it, and from that day forth, she’d kept it on her person at all times. She’d never let anyone else wield it. Well. W ith this, I could let loose a little. “Master Ruijerd! Master Moore!” The two of them glanced my way for just a second. They didn’ t have their full attention to spare, but they were listening. “I’ll make an opening for you! Fall back!” All heroic epics come to an end. Fairy tales closed on a great finale after vanquishing an evil demon king, but reality wasn’ t so generous. Almost always, the end is quite tedious. Y ou challenged an enemy greater than yourself, or you fell for someone’ s plot, or else you were challenged by a new hero. Y ou lost. Y ou died. That’ s how it was for my father , North God

Kalman. No matter how incredible a hero might be, no matter how strong, so long as they engage in war , defeat and death are sure to catch up with them eventually . A hero, after all, is heroic. Even when they know the hero dies in the end, people light up at his glorious exploits. The heroes’ way imprints itself onto their hearts. My death here wouldn’ t be written down anywhere, though… Just like my father , North God Kalman. The death he went to was never written down. Well, I looked up to my father . Why not go the same way? I’d go up against an enemy I had no hope of defeating and go down in a blaze of glory . It wasn’ t the death I’d pictured for myself… But hell, whose death is? “In my left hand, a sword.” Been a while since I said this out loud. Hope I don’ t choke or stammer… “In my right hand, a sword.” I gripped the hilt with both hands. Power bubbled up from the pit of my stomach, flowing out to fill my body . I set my sights on the raging golden armor . “With these, mine arms, countless lives shall I claim, and a hundred million deaths I deliver!” The words I’d said countless times in my life when the crucial moment came. I’d told myself that once I’d spoken those words, defeat was out of the question. I hadn’ t spoken them once since I gave up being a hero. Even after all this time, as I went to meet defeat, I was surprised at how they flowed of f my tongue. “I am North God Alex R ybak. Prepare yourself!” This would be my final battle, so I’d make it count. Rudeus

W HEN I CAME TO, I smelled something good. It was a little sweaty , but pleasant and familiar . In the corner of my eye, I saw rippling red hair , just as I felt a warmth on my cheek. Something was pressed against it. “Are you awake?!” Whatever was touching my cheek spoke. That was Eris’ s voice. A wareness rushed back. Eris was carrying me on her back. “What’ s going on?” Jerking upright, I looked about. A few others, looking like refugees, were walking with us. Clif f, Elinalise, and Ruijerd. “We lost,” Eris said curtly . She sounded bitter . They’d gone in again against the Fighting God only to be beaten to a pulp. Eris had blacked out after one hit, and Elinalise’ s shield was shattered. Atofe and the Ogre God had put up a valiant fight, but the Fighting God had thrown them of f again and again. Because I was down for the count, Moore had ordered our retreat. Ruijerd retrieved Eris and me. W ith Atofe, her personal guard, the Ogre God, and Sandor covering our retreat, we’d gotten away . “Right.” I was reeling. W e’d lost, just like that. I didn’ t think of myself as the toughest guy around or anything like that. The first time I took the V ersion One out against Orsted, I’d lost then too. I knew I wasn’ t invincible. Still, my confidence had been bolstered by a run of recent victories. I’d beaten Atofe and Alec. I hadn’ t beaten Alec alone, but a win was a win. I’d still always tried to consider the possibility I might lose. This was my first one-punch knockout. This was the first time I’d been blown to smithereens and knocked out cold in a single hit. Had I underestimated Badigadi? Had I thought, Fighting God or not, the demon king would still pull his punches? “What’ s our next move?” Eris asked. I thought about it. Next…what should we do? I wouldn’ t have said we were all out of options, but there was no way any smart-ass plan I came up with would beat the Fighting God. I didn’ t have much faith in our firepower . A glance around told me Sandor , the Ogre God, Atofe, and her personal guard weren’ t with us. They could be dead. That left me, Eris, Ruijerd, Clif f, Elinalise…and the Superd warriors, if they counted. I definitely didn’ t count as reliable firepower; without the Magic Armor , I

was more of a liability . All I could do was make a river , or a mountain, or set the mountain on fire. Y ou know , like in that folktale, The Three Lucky Charms. After drinking up the river , leaping over the mountain, and putting out the fire with the river water , the Fighting God would come chasing after me, just like the witch in that story . We couldn’ t win with our current lineup. “We have no choice but to flee,” Ruijerd said, looking me in the eye. “Ruijerd…” “He’ s one of the Seven Great Powers. The real thing. W e can’ t win against him even with all our strength combined.” So we’d run away . We’d run back to the Superd village, then…and then what? In The Three Lucky Charms, the boy ran to a temple, where the priest used his wiles to beat the witch. W e did have Priest Orsted back in the Superd V illage. And yet… The Fighting God and Geese wanted to kill me and use up Orsted’ s power . If Orsted fought the Fighting God, he’d have to expend mana on an order of magnitude greater than he would have in a fight with the likes of the North God and the Sword God. No question, if that happened, we’d lose the war . And those two would chase us to the ends of the world to achieve their goal. There was nowhere we could go and be safe. “Even if we run, we can’ t win,” I said. “Then all we can hope for is to fight and die with honor ,” Ruijerd said. When you fought and died with honor and lost, you still lost. Y ou didn’ t get to call that a win. When you die, that’ s it. “Rudeus, pull yourself together .” Eris’ s hand squeezed mine. Her grip was warm and firm. She’d saved me more times than I could remember with those hands. She’d held our child with those hands. “Right.” Calm down and think, Rudy . How can we win? We needed information before anything else. If the Fighting God Armor had a weak point, for example, that’d do nicely . Unfortunately , as the story told it, that armor was the strongest in existence, crafted by Laplace himself. He’d gone down trying to beat his own creation! Finding a

weak point probably wasn’ t happening. Even if it didn’ t have any , though, there were still other strategies, ways to fight it. I might be able to find something about that. Now , who knew about the armor? Atofe…wasn’ t here. Which left Orsted. I’d have to ask him. If it turned out he didn’ t know anything… I pondered in silence for a moment. Whether Orsted knew anything or not, I’d still have to fight this enemy , here and now . We’d lost Atofe, the Ogre God, and Sandor . There had to be a way to win. That said, I wanted to keep our casualties to a minimum. I didn’ t want the Superd V illage to get caught in the crossfire. Norn was there, too. I couldn’ t let her fight. There had to be a chance. There had to be. Even if it was only a fraction of a percent. Then it came to me. That’ s it! I still had one trump card in my hand, didn’ t I? I had figured I’d use it much earlier . At last, I said, “W e’ll fall back to the forest to buy some time.” I was going to stake everything on this. “Got it.” The others all nodded. *** We made our way back to the Superd V illage. My trump card still hadn’ t shown up. All things going to plan, I would’ve expected it to be here already… But maybe something had gone wrong. We didn’ t have time to wait around for it. What to do…? Pushing aside my worries, I knelt in front of Orsted to report on what had happened up until yesterday . “That brings us up to speed,” I finished. “The Ogre God, Atofe, and Sandor are all missing.” Orsted face was stormy . “Fighting God Badigadi, you say .”

“Is there any strategy to beat him?” “No,” Orsted said at length. “The Fighting God Armor I know , but I have never fought Badigadi wearing it.” “Oh. I see.” It was the answer I’d expected, but I still couldn’ t help but be disappointed—not that I’d let Orsted see that. “Then would you tell me what you know about the Fighting God Armor?” “It is the strongest armor ever created, for ged by Laplace. It was buried in the depths of the Devil’ s Cave in the middle of the Ringus Sea. The mana that radiates from its surface makes it glow gold, and it makes the wearer unstoppably powerful. Because of that abundance of mana, however , it possesses a mind of its own. It will possess anyone who wears it.” “Badigadi didn’ t seem like he’d been possessed…” He’d looked like he was acting of his own free will, anyway . He acted exactly as I remembered. Of course, maybe he just appear ed that way , and the armor was actually in control. He hadn’ t given Atofe or Sandor the time of day , after all. “It takes time,” Orsted said slowly , “for the armor to possess the wearer . The longer they wear it, the stronger the armor ’s hold on their mind becomes, until they cease to be able to tell right from wrong, craving nothing but to do battle. Although, Badigadi has an unusual immunity to the powers of the demon eyes, so it is possible that the armor will be unable to possess him.” Aha. Badigadi hadn’ t been wearing the armor for all that long yet, then. I also had the feeling I’d heard of that kind of possession somewhere before… “Like your Magic Armor , the Fighting God Armor uses the mana of the wearer as fuel. Unlike yours, however , the wearer cannot take it of f until the last of their life force has been exhausted. In Badigadi’ s case, I expect it will keep operating almost indefinitely . The moment the wearer puts it on, it transforms to fit them—they can also generate their preferred weapon. The range is limited to that weapon’ s typical range, but I doubt Badigadi will have chosen a long-range weapon. The golden light emitted from the surface of the armor neutralizes most magic…although it does have a