# Capitolo 12

Pagine: 112-121

“I’m home,” I said. I took a step into the house. It finally felt real that my long battle with Geese was over . *** It was the day after the end of the battle had really sunk in, and I couldn’ t relax. The battle with Geese was over , which was to say , the contract I’d made with myself was over , too. Look. Y ou know what that meant. The battle had gone on for so long that this way of life had started to feel natural to me, but early that morning, my little guy had started reasserting himself. T alk about an insistent reminder . My name was Rudeus Greyrat, son of Paul Greyrat, which meant treachery from below my belt was part of my DNA. I’d put Rudeus Jr . through a long period of hardship and endurance. That was what had enabled me to do my best. As the first Rudeus, it was my duty to see he was repaid. He’d fulfilled his side of the contract. Before the sun had risen, I got out of bed, went downstairs, and headed for the front door . There, I found Leo and Eris. “Rudeus! Y ou’re up early today .” “Morning, Eris. Where is everyone?” “All safe.” “Not that. I mean what are they doing?” Eris thought for a moment. “Lilia and Sylphie are making breakfast, and Roxy and the children and your mother are still asleep. I just finished training, so I was about to go for a run.” “Right,” I said softly , taking Eris’ s hand. She squeezed my fingers. Maybe because she’d just been training, but her hand was warm. I noticed her face was also a little flushed. “Wh-what?” she said.

“Eris, let’ s take today of f.” “R-right! Okay!” The way she said “okay” sounded like she’d guessed exactly what I had in mind. Maybe it showed on my face. She was right on the money . “Sorry , Leo, but no walk for now .” “Ruff.” Leo looked a bit disappointed, but he gave my hand a little lick, then went back into the house. I followed him inside, still holding Eris’ s hand, and headed for the kitchen. Lilia and Sylphie stood beside each other cooking. “Sylphie,” I said. “Oh, good morning, Rudy . You’re up early .” “Good morning, Master .” Both women smiled at me like they always did. I turned to Sylphie then, with a smile so natural I surprised myself, said, “Sylphie, let’ s take today of f.” “What? I don’ t mind, but when you say ‘day of f’…” She looked at me quizzically . But Lilia seemed to catch on right away . “Very well. I’ll finish up breakfast, Miss Sylphie.” “Oh…” Sylphie said, her face going red. “ That’ s what you mean.” She smiled shyly , then took the hand Eris wasn’ t holding. Maybe it was because she’d wet her hands while cooking, but her fingers were a little cold. “When you said it, Rudy , the look on your face was so normal that I didn’ t realize. Did you see it straight away , Eris?” “I just sort of knew!” As the other two chatted, I turned to Lilia. “Lilia, please watch the children until lunchtime. Oh, and let’ s all go out to eat tonight.” “Very well, Master .” She smiled like she’d seen right through my plans, though she also seemed a little embarrassed. Well, it was a bit late for that. Holding hands with Sylphie and Eris, we headed for the children’ s bedroom. I quietly opened the door and peeked inside. The four kids were

sound asleep. Lucie, Lara, Arus, and Sieg. Leo was curled up in a corner of the room, watching over them. In the battle, I’d worried so much about my family . Despite my fears, all was peaceful here. Unless some battle had taken place at the house, unbeknownst to me, and Leo had protected them… Anyway , after checking that the children were all well, I softly shut the door again. Then, we went upstairs to Roxy’ s room. In the interests of good manners, I knocked. There was a pause for a few seconds, then, “Y es?” I opened the door and saw Roxy , her eyes bleary with sleep. Her hair was rumpled and there were drool marks around her mouth. Her nightgown hung open at the front, so that I could almost see inside. V ery sexy . “Oh…Rudy . Good morning. It’ s so early , did something…?” “Good morning, Roxy . I thought we’d take a day of f. What do you think?” Roxy stared blankly at me, then she seemed to work out what “day off” meant. T oying with her sleep-tousled bangs, her cheeks turning pink, she said, “W ell, I don’ t mind, but…” I followed her gaze to one of the two women holding my hands. “Did Eris agree to this?” I looked at Eris. Her face was red, and she looked a bit shell shocked. “I was just about to ask her .” Turning to face Eris properly , I said, “Eris, I’d like to go back to my bedroom with the four of us. Is that okay with you?” Eris seemed to understand what I meant. Her face went even redder , and she pursed her lips. She probably would have struck her favorite pose if she’d had both hands free. “Well, I suppose, if you really want to…” Sorry , Eris. I just wanted to treat myself a little today . And bid farewell to Rudeus the Celibate. “Thank you,” I said. I didn’ t just say it because Eris had given her permission. I was thanking all three of them for everything they’d done to support me up to this moment. I was so thankful I hadn’ t lost any of them.

Geese and Badigadi had both said it was over now . That the Man- God wouldn’ t bother me anymore. I didn’ t believe a word of it: the Man- God would be my enemy for as long as I lived. But today , I’d relax and do absolutely nothing. Not a thing. Rest. Get my strength back for tomorrow , and spend a day in peace. T o remind myself that I could still laugh, and— Nah, I’m messing with you. I was gonna get laid. From today on, I was Rudeus the Free. Felt good. With that, we headed for the bedroom.

Story 1: The Final Dr eam T HE PLACE I FOUND myself was all white. The same white place as always. I could count the number of times I’d been here since being reincarnated in this world on my fingers, but every time, without fail, it was still the same white, empty place I keep coming back to. When I came here, I always looked as I had in my past life, with a potbelly and rolls of flab. My body felt heavy and powerless. Strangely enough, it didn’ t disgust me anymore. I didn’ t feel frustration welling up in the depths of my chest. Being like this didn’ t seem so bad. Maybe that was because I hadn’ t been back here for such a long time. Unless… “Wait, what?” That was weird. Sure, it had been a long time, but I didn’ t remember taking my bracelet of f. I never took it of f. Why was I here? Hold on. What was I even doing before I came here? I couldn’ t remember what I’d been doing before I fell asleep. I think it was probably , you know , something along the lines of baby-making…No scratch that, I hadn’ t done anything like that for a long time. I’d been neglecting it for around ten years now . My memory was hazy , for some reason. “Hey .” Dazed as my memory was, my vision was sharp. As usual, he was here in this white place. That pixelated blob. The Man-God. But what was this? He looked strange. His body was in pieces, with each of his four limbs held in place by something that looked like a magic circle and bound by some sort of translucent chain. He looked like the final boss in an RPG. It was like, I dunno, unless you hit him in the right leg, he’d use a restoration spell to return to full

health. A giant pain in the ass. What happened to you? Cosplaying Exodia the Forbidden One or something? “They got me.” Who? “You’re asking me that?” I don’ t see anyone else asking. What, is ther e someone her e other than me? “…T ake a look over there.” I turned around and saw a crowd of people. They were standing with their backs to me. No one there I knew . Unfamiliar men and unfamiliar women, demons, humans. There were about eight of them. One of them, I knew . It was Orsted. He was the same as ever , but a few things had changed. He didn’ t have his black helmet, and there was a sizable scar on his face that made him look more fearsome than ever . Yet the people around him were all smiling at him. Orsted’ s face was as terrifying as it’d ever been, but there was a slight softness to his expression. I couldn’ t make out what they were talking about, but I could see the trust between them. The one speaking…was a boy . He looked seventeen or eighteen years old, with short hair and the kind of good looks that made me think he’d be good at sports. A normie sort of face, and Asian, going of f his features. He had a nice smile. I guess Orsted’ s curse didn’ t affect him. As I was watching the boy , a woman in the group stood up. Sitting, she’d been hidden by the others. Really , she was more a girl than a woman. She had blue hair and at her side was a giant white wolf. Ah, I’d seen her somewhere before. She looked like Roxy , but not Roxy . She was definitely a Migurd, but I’d never mistake someone else for Roxy . So…who was she? Could…could she be Lara ?

Just then, the girl turned and waved at me. It couldn’ t be at me. She had to be waving at the Man-God. A man near her said something to her , probably asking what she was doing. She said something in reply , and he looked my way in surprise. He looked Asian, too. There weren’ t many people in this world with that sort of face. He could have been Japanese. I’d have put him in his twenties, no older than thirty . He turned to me and bowed—a Japanese gesture. Maybe he was Japanese? Then, the whole group turned my way . I saw faces both young and old. What I’d first thought was eight people was actually a much lar ger group, but they were hazy , making them hard to see. The only face I recognized was Orsted’ s, but…oh, but was that Eris? A sword fighter with braided red hair was looking this way . No, she didn’ t quite look how I remembered Eris, though… They all looked our way and made gestures of gratitude. W ere they thanking the Man-God? Probably not, their manner wasn’ t quite right for that. Who, then? As I watched, wondering, they all stepped onto a magic circle drawn by Lara and disappeared somewhere. Just like that, they were all gone. The magic circle remained, glowing pale blue, but after a while, the glow faded, and the magic circle itself disappeared. Everything was gone. “That lot ganged up on me and went to town. Then they cut me up like this and sealed me here. Said if I died, the last remaining human world might be destroyed.” Would it be destr oyed? “How should I know? It’ s not like I’ve died before.” Right, fair point. No one knows what happens when they die. “So, are you happy now?” With what? “This is the ending you wanted. Me, living here alone with all my powers sealed away . I’m living only to keep the world in existence. I can’ t see it anymore. I can’ t speak to anyone. I’ll just go on staring into this empty , white void.”

I dunno. It’ s har d to say if that makes me happy or not. My goal was never to do anything to you. I just wanted a happy life with Sylphie, Roxy , and Eris. Go to work, earn a living, come home to eat dinner with my family , do some sweet, sweet baby-making at night. A normal…no, a happy life like that. A normal life—the happiest life I could possibly imagine. “Your happiness is my misery .” Yeah? All right, I’m satisfied then. I mean, you look about as miserable as it’ s possible to be right now , so I must be happy . “You…you can’ t seriously… Y ou disgust me!” I couldn’ t read the Man-God’ s expression, but his voice wasn’ t hateful. It was simply full of sadness. He sounded like he might cry . “I hate you.” Okay . Well, you— I lost consciousness. *** When I awoke, I was in bed. It was a truly massive bed, big enough that three people could have slept comfortably in it, and it was soft. My back was a little damp, which I didn’ t love, but it was pleasant otherwise. There was no one sleeping beside me. I could move my eyes and my neck, but not so much my body . It was like the blanket was too heavy . I moved just my eyes to look away from the bed and saw a girl with red hair sitting there. She had single-fold eyelids and a determined line to her chin—the spitting image of Eris, although she wore her hair in an unassuming braid and was far smaller . Both in terms of height and cup size. I expected that much: she looked about five years old. When her eyes met mine, she dropped what she was holding and leapt to her feet. The chair fell over with a crash and she looked like she might fall with it. Right away , I propped her up. How did I prop her up

when my body wouldn’ t move? I couldn’ t tell you myself. She just put her hands out and caught herself in mid-air , then righted herself. No sooner had she planted her feet on the ground once more than she left the room. “Mama! Mama! Great-Grandpa’ s awake!” Listening to the patter of running feet, I looked at the item she’d been holding. It was a bracelet engraved with the Dragon God’ s emblem. I didn’ t remember taking it of f, but—ah, yes, I suppose she must have taken it of f while I was asleep. I reached for the bracelet, my arms trembling. It was so heavy . No, scratch that. It wasn’ t heavy . I was weak. My arm had grown so thin that I couldn’ t even pick up a bracelet. Just then, my eyes found the mirror in a corner of the room, and I saw an old man slumped in bed who looked like he might die at any moment. He had a white beard, white hair , and deep wrinkles. The shadow of death was visible in every line of his face. Ahh, I r emember now . I turn seventy-four this year . There was something odd about thinking that. Everything else, I couldn’ t really remember . It was like a fog hung over my memories. Had there been a room like this in my house…? “Rudy?!” A white-haired woman who looked about forty came bursting into the room. A proper middle-aged lady . When our eyes met, she came straight to my side and gripped my hand that lay on top of the blankets. “Sylphie…?” “Yes… That’ s right, Rudy . It’s Sylphiette,” she told me gently . “Do you know who I am?” “Yeah… Y eah, I know you. What…happened to me?” “Nothing happened. It’ s just, you were asleep for a long time.” So I was just asleep. Right. I did feel sleepy . “But why can’ t I move?” “Yes, well… Y es…” Sylphie didn’ t answer me. She just stroked my hand sympathetically . Like she was humoring a for getful old man…

Wait, you don’ t mean… Am I senile? Is that why I have no memories? What? Seventy-four shouldn’ t be old enough for that…but was I actually seventy-four? Maybe I’d aged a lot more. Maybe I’d been senile for much longer . Just how long had I been in this bed for , anyway? “I’m scared…” I said. “You’re okay . I’m here with you.” Sylphie squeezed my hand harder . Just that was enough to relieve some of my fear . But not all of it. In the next instant a torrent of people poured into the room. I saw a redheaded child, a blue-haired child, a blonde child. Some of them were young, some middle-aged, some elderly , and they all came to stand around my bed. They looked like people I knew . “Look, Rudy . Everyone’ s here to see you.” “Yeah…” For some reason, I couldn’ t remember a single one of their names. Ah, one of them I knew . The one who came in slowly behind everyone else, then shut the door behind her . It was a small girl with blue hair . She wore it in braids, just as she always had. “Roxy .” “Rudy .” When I said her name, she looked for a moment like she might cry . But she came straight to stand beside Sylphie, then gently stroked my head. “Rudy .” “Thank you, Roxy…” Then, the word slipping out of my mouth, I said, “Master .” Tears spilled from Roxy’ s eyes. She hastily wiped them away and tried to look cheerful, but her mouth only twisted, unable to form a full smile. A question struck me. “What about Eris? Isn’ t she here?”