# Capitolo 1

Pagine: 9-11

Table of Contents Color Gallery Title Page Copyrights and Cr edits Table of Contents Page Chapter 1: The Thr eat of the Fighting God Chapter 2: The T rump Card Chapter 3: The Fifth T urning Point Chapter 4: The End of the Battle Final Chapter Complete Edition Story 1: The Final Dr eam Story 2: Thirty-Four Y ears Old Story 3: The W orld After Death Appendix: The Asuran Kingdom’ s Dossier on Rudeus Gr eyrat Afterword (Excerpted fr om The Book of Rudeus, V ol. 26) Epilogue: Pr ologue Zer o Collection: Character Designs About the Author Newsletter

Download all your Fav Light Novels from Just Light Novels

Chapter 1: The Thr eat of the Fighting God Sandor M Y NAME IS Alex Kalman R ybak. I am the son of North God Kalman by blood, heir to his arts and his name. North God Kalman I… W ell, we don’t use the numeral when we talk about him; we just call him North God Kalman, but regardless, North God Kalman I was my father . As North God Kalman II, I traveled the world on a quest to become a true hero to bring glory to the name of Kalman. I defeated dragons and a gar gantuan behemoth, an evil priest who’d seized control of a nation and a giant man- eating monkey that haunted the hinterlands of the central continent, as well as a foolish tyrant and the guardian of a labyrinth that had wiped out many of the clans of the central continent… W ith the world’ s strongest magic sword, the physical toughness I inherited from my mother , and the ultimate sword-fighting techniques developed by my father , I destroyed everyone who stood against me. I gained the title and reputation of the strongest swordsman around. That won me the people’ s gratitude and their highest esteem. Thanks to my immortal demon blood, I retained my vigor and was able to continue as a hero even though long years went by . I felt elated. As far as I was concerned, I was invincible. I went on, crushing all my opponents, drunk on my own power . One moment stood out. A moment that convinced me that I really was a hero. One day on the road, a young boy , not yet of age, stole my magic sword. He took it to a backstreet tavern full of washed-up nobodies. Their leader , a student of Sword God Style, picked up the sword—he was a Sword Saint. Usually , I would’ve wiped the floor with a Sword Saint. I could have taken him with my bare hands.