# Capitolo 15

Pagine: 144-153

Appendix: The Asuran Kingdom’ s Dossier on Rudeus Gr eyrat T HE SUBJECT RUDEUS GREYRAT is extremely famous. T oday , his name is inscribed in the histories of every nation on the map. Many researchers will have had the experience of casually glancing at letters or an artifact only to realize they were signed “Rudeus Greyrat.” Whether in a corner of the teleportation circles drawn in all the nations of the world, in the appendices of the new editions of the magic textbook, or on the side of a bridge on a road, his name appears everywhere. Those alive today who have encountered his name likely outnumber those who haven’ t. However , many would be at a loss to describe what he truly did. Some might recognize him as “the greatest magician of the 400s, Armored Dragon Era.” Others might know him as “an academic genius who turned formal education on its head,” or “an intellectual who had a transformative influence on the culture around toys and figurines.” Even then, there are very few records of what he began and what he left behind. In each field, other names come to mind before his: in magic, Silent Sevenstar; in education, Roxy M. Greyrat; and in art, Zanoba Shirone. Because of this, some believe that he was “a hanger -on whose only talent was brownnosing the powerful,” while others call him “a con artist who cozied up to those with talent in order to steal their glory .” Some even claim that “There was no one person named Rudeus Greyrat. Rather , it was a title bestowed upon members of Ruquag’ s Mercenary Band for a great accomplishment. Thus, multiple people bear the name.” Theories abound about Rudeus Greyrat, but one thing is certain—that whatever it was he achieved changed the world. As time goes on, that knowledge will fade into the dark corners of history without any one deed truly ascribed to him. T o let this mystery fade would be to lose knowledge of historical importance. And so, it is my intention to create an entry in the archive compiling the evidence of the life and existence of Rudeus Greyrat.

—485 Armored Dragon Era Head Archivist Jed Bluewolf of the Royal Asuran Archive Rudeus Gr eyrat Summary Rudeus Greyrat (407-481 Armored Dragon Era) was a magician from the Kingdom of Ranoa. In 430, he joined the ranks of the Seven Great Powers. He was one of the great magicians of the 400s, alongside Roxy M. Greyrat and Silent Sevenstar . He also went by the aliases “ Quagmire,” “the Dragon God’ s Right Hand,” “the Magician King,” “the Great Magician,” and the “silent caster” among others. On the other hand, his cowardice in battle also led to him being given such names “spineless,” “groveler ,” “yellowbelly ,” and “the frightened rabbit.” In his later years, his many epithets led to his title “Seven-Named Rudeus.” Life YOUTH Rudeus Greyrat was born in 407 in the village of Buena in Fittoa, Asura, the eldest son of the low-ranking Asuran knight Paul (388–413) and the former adventurer -turned-healer Zenith (390–459). The young Rudeus is said to have used intermediate-level magic around the age of three. His father , recognizing his son’ s potential, hired Roxy Migurdia (373–) to tutor him. As a result of her spartan education regimen, he became a Saint-tier water magician at the age of five. Rudeus would go on to display talent surpassing that of his teacher , but he would continue to hold her in high regard until his death. At the age of seven, the Boreas Greyrats, the governors of Fittoa at the time, took notice of his talent and asked him to

come to them as a tutor . There, he taught magic to Eris Boreas Greyrat (later known as Mad Sword King Eris) while also taking up the creation of figurines using earth magic. Despite possessing talent that set him apart from other children, Rudeus is said to have cried over missing his parents when they did not visit even on his tenth birthday , as one would expect from a child his age. In the Displacement Incident of 417, he and Eris were transported to the Biegoya Region of the Demon Continent. It was there that he befriended Ruijerd Superdia, at the time known and feared under the epithet “Dead End.” As an adventurer , he embarked on a journey from the Demon Continent back to Fittoa in Asura on the Central Continent. It was at this time he first met Zanoba Shirone and Clif f Grimor , who were to become his lifelong friends. In his thirteenth year , he saw Eris back to Fittoa, then set off for the north of the Central Continent to search for his missing family . This was when he made a name for himself as the adventurer Rudeus “Quagmire” Greyrat. STUDENT YEARS In 422, Rudeus moved to the Magic City of Sharia in Ranoa, where he entered the Magic University on the recommendation of Jenius Halfas. There, he outshone Linia Dedoldia, Pursena Adoldia, Silent Sevenstar , and Immortal Demon King Badigadi and earned a reputation as the greatest magician at the university . The following year , a sixteen-year -old Rudeus married the magician guardian of Ariel Anemoi Asura, Sylphiette, after a long period of courtship. It is at this point that he seems to have put down roots in Sharia and decided to spend the rest of his days there. That same year he received word from his father Paul that his mother Zenith had been found on the Begaritt continent, and so he traveled there. With Paul and Silent Sevenstar ’s aid, he was able to use a teleportation circle that had miraculously survived to make the journey . Together with Paul, Elinalise Dragonroad, T alhand, Geese, and Roxy Migurdia, he braved and defeated the T eleportation Labyrinth. In the battle with the Manatite Hydra, the guardian of the labyrinth, Paul was killed. Although he rescued

his Zenith, the Displacement Incident had left her in a mindless state. Rudeus was plunged into the depths of depression. It was his teacher , Roxy Migurdia, who saved him. This is how Rudeus came to take her as his second wife. In 415, Rudeus and Eris Boreas Greyrat fought Dragon God Orsted in a forest on the outskirts of Sharia. The reason for the battle is unknown, but some theorize that Dragon God Orsted meant harm to Ariel Anemoi Asura, and Rudeus was acting to protect her . After this battle, Eris Boreas Greyrat became his third wife. In the same year , Rudeus fought in the Asuran civil war on the side of Ariel Anemoi Asura. He did battle with North Emperor Auber Corbet, North King W i Taa, and W ater God Reida and defeated them, for which he was called the architect of Ariel Anemoi Asura’ s ascension to the throne. Rudeus established Ruquag’ s Mercenary Band in the Magic City of Sharia in 417. Though he took the role of chairman, he is believed to have delegated all actual running of the Company to his younger sister Aisha. In his twentieth year , he and Zanoba Shirone allied themselves with Pax Shirone to fight in the Shirone Kingdom’ s war of defense. They engaged the enemy force from the north at Fort Karon. Rudeus is said to have killed over ten thousand people in this battle. Following his graduation from the Magic University in 419, he journeyed to the Holy Country of Millis with Clif f Grimor . While there is no detailed account of that time, he is believed to have applied himself to deepening his friendship with the Blessed Child, as well as to appointing Clif f Grimor to a position of importance in the Millis Church. In 430, he fought alongside Dragon God Orsted in the Biheiril Kingdom. In the course of that battle, he overcame North God Kalman III and so became one of the Seven Great Powers. YEARS IN THE SEVEN GREA T POWERS Following his ascension to the Seven Great Powers, Rudeus ceases to appear at the center of events. This may account for why , in the present, he enjoys less recognition than other great names of the same generation:

Silent Sevenstar , the W itch Nanahoshi who stepped into the spotlight more or less as Rudeus stepped out, and Roxy M. Greyrat, who later became headmistress of the Magic University . Both are more widely known. Because of this, few are aware that he was one of the Seven Great Powers. It has been proposed that Rudeus died in the Biheiril Battle, and the one who appeared afterward was a body double, or that it was only a name. As records remain of his involvement in the establishment of Ariel National University , these theories can be immediately discounted. It is unknown what Rudeus was trying to achieve by stepping out of the public eye. Sources indicate that, as a follower of the Dragon God, he enjoyed the friendship of figurine-maker and president of the Doll Making Company Zanoba Shirone, Pope Clif f Grimor of the Millis Church, the Blessed Child of the Millis Church, Queen Ariel Anemoi Asura of Asura, Death God Randolph of the King Dragon Kingdom, the Doldias of the Great Forest, and Immortal Demon King Atofe of the Demon Continent. It is believed that he was attempting to bring the world under one banner in preparation for the resurrection of Laplace eighty years hence. Other sources call him a paragon of wickedness who resurrected the forbidden teleportation circles as part of a plot to use their expediency to achieve world domination. DEATH Rudeus’ s wife, Sylphiette Greyrat, announced his death from old age in 481. He passed away peacefully in his bed at the age of seventy-four . An extraordinary five thousand people came rushing in to attend his funeral. Also present, after disappearing even more completely than all but Rudeus himself, was Dragon God Orsted. Equipment Magicians usually bear a staf f and favor suppression attacks at long range. Rudeus, however , engaged in close range combat.

AQUA HEARTIA A staf f given to him by the Boreas family on his tenth birthday . It was made from the arm of an Elder T reant, native to the eastern reaches of the Great Forest on the Millis Continent. Its magic stone was an ultramarine blue water stone, an A-rank item from a wandering Sea Dragon in the north of the Begaritt Continent. The staf f was made by Rod Director Chein Procyon. Although extremely powerful, Rudeus ceased to use it after the completion of the Magic Armor (see below). MAGIC ARMOR VERSION ONE A prototype set of magic armor crafted with the assistance of Zanoba Shirone and Clif f Grimor . It stood around three meters tall. A Stone Cannon Gatling gun was mounted on its right arm and it bore a shield and stone of absorption in the left. While it consumed vast amounts of mana, it is believed to have possessed of fensive and defensive capabilities on a level with the Seven Great Powers. Rudeus built it to fight Dragon God Orsted, then continued to make use of it after allying with his would-be enemy . However , it was destroyed by the Fighting God in the Battle of Biheiril. MAGIC ARMOR VERSION TWO A jet-black set of armor composed of arm, leg, and body parts. A detuned model of the V ersion One. This armor gives the wearer the abilities of a Saint-tier sword fighter . MAGIC ARMOR VERSION ZERO

Rudeus’ s ultimate weapon that was used in the Battle of Biheiril. Details unknown. MAGIC ARMOR VERSION THREE The Magic Armor used by Rudeus in his later years. Standing around two meters tall, it possessed the same functionality as the V ersion One. The General Purpose Magic Armor Series that came later is said to have been based on the V ersion Three. STONE CANNON GATLING GUN A bundle of staf f-type magical implements that fire stone cannons without regard for mana expenditure. When activated, the Gatling gun fires off stone cannons at a tremendous rate, consuming so much mana that any ordinary person would be drained to zero in moments. It was created by Magical Implement Director Jacqueline of the Ranoa Kingdom. STONE CANNON SHOTGUN A version of the Gatling gun above configured to shoot twelve times in a single burst. It was created by Magical Implement Director Jacqueline of the Ranoa Kingdom. PAUL ’S SWORD A magic item that cuts better the harder its tar get. This is the most famous of Paul’ s swords, though as an adventurer , he favored a dif ferent weapon. Spells

Rudeus was proficient in all schools of magic. As one might guess from the name Quagmire, he particularly favored earth and water magic. Rudeus is said to have utilized a wide range of spells depending on his opponent, so here I shall list the most common ones. STONE CANNON A well-known Intermediate-level spell. It shoots a chunk of rock at high speed at one’ s opponent. However , when Rudeus used the spell with unvoiced casting, it carried enough power to disintegrate an immortal demon king. He also used variations including Blast Cannon and Stone Shot. QUAGMIRE An example of Rudeus’ s patented combination magic. Rudeus is supposed to have been able to conjure a quagmire lar ge enough to submer ge an entire town. DEEP MIST Another example (as above) of Rudeus’ s combination magic. It is said he could conjure enough mist to conceal an entire forest. ELECTRIC Rudeus’ s original spell, condensing the King-tier water magic Lightning. By using this spell in close combat, Rudeus was able to neutralize an immortal demon king in a single hit.

SHOCK WAVE A wind spell that creates a pulse in the air to send one’ s opponent flying. Rudeus allegedly used this spell in close combat to fight as though he were flying. Research Over the course of his life, Rudeus researched and developed many spells and magical implements. He also funded a range of dif ferent research fields. A LEARNING METHOD FOR UNV OICED MAGIC Rudeus Greyrat was said to have used voiceless magic from a young age. His teacher , Roxy M. Greyrat, wrote up his method for voiceless magic as a paper , developing a didactic method for the skill. This method was enthusiastically implemented by the three great magic universities into their magical education programs, contributing to the emer gence of many talented magicians. MANA RECOVER Y THERAPY (MAGIC POTION) With funding from Rudeus, Silent Sevenstar developed a drink that restores mana. This so-called magic potion unshackled magicians from the whims of their magic reserves. This, combined with the learning method above, was so influential it is said to have “ended the era of sword fighter supremacy” by raising the status of magicians. MAGICAL PROSTHETICS

Magical prosthetics have helped a great many people: adventurers, for instance, or those too poor to access healing magic beyond Saint- or King-tier . These prosthetics were the result of research by Zanoba Shirone and Clif f Grimor , made possible through funding provided by Rudeus. It was Silent Sevenstar who popularized the magical prosthetics not as magical implements but as medical tools. MAGIC ARMOR Rudeus was implied to be the only one who could operate the Magic Armor . In time, the Greyrats’ third daughter , Lily Greyrat, took over his research and in 483 perfected the General Purpose Magic Armor . This development significantly reduced the risk of hunting lar ge monsters. MAGIC DOLLS With funding provided by Rudeus, Zanoba Shirone successfully developed a magical figurine. These figurines look exactly like humans. They are used in a wide variety of ways: serving as cherished pets, performing odd tasks, testing for poison, and working as scouts. However , they are enormously expensive and few in number . At present only the royalty of nations who enjoyed Rudeus’ s friendship use them. TELEPORTATION CIRCLES With funding provided by Rudeus, Silent Sevenstar researched and revived the forbidden teleportation circles. W ith teleportation circles placed in strategic locations throughout the dif ferent nations, the danger of long journeys was mitigated and travel to distant lands became simple. Rudeus is said to have broken the taboo after reflecting on the death of his father Paul in the T eleportation Labyrinth. Records suggest that the