# Capitolo 8

Pagine: 71-80

“Rudy!” Sylphie was peering at us, worry in her eyes. She wasn’ t alone, either . Ruijerd, Ghislaine, Isolde…they were all here. “Sylphie, where’ s Clif f?!” “Um, well, someone else healed his wounds, then Zanoba and Dohga carried him back to the village. All of us here came straight after you, but then I didn’ t want to get in the way , so I hesitated… But Eris ran in alone— huh?” Sylphie had laid a hand on Eris’ s prone body , and now she looked puzzled. She’d probably cast a healing spell on sheer reflex. But Eris wasn’ t wounded, so she didn’ t get up. “I think it’ s mana drain. That sword consumes the mana of whoever wields it.” “Oh. All right, then.” “Anyway , Sylphie, those arms over there—get them to an undamaged magic circle. Then get Eris back to the village. I need you to tell Sir Orsted what happened, then bring Clif f here.” I stood up. The V ersion Zero was in ruins, and my mana was practically exhausted…but I could still move. I didn’ t know how much time it would take Badigadi to restore himself. After being crushed by that much mana, the way he’d disappeared looked like he’d been annihilated. And that was practically an understatement. The arms showed no signs of starting to regenerate, so I wanted to believe we had a while. Maybe that was naive. Wishful thinking. Most importantly , the V ersion Zero was destroyed, and the V ersion One was gone, too. I was on the ver ge of mana drain and Clif f, who could cast barrier magic, wasn’ t here. Badigadi had fallen into the ravine, and we had no way of sealing him. If we went down there in this state and found him waiting for us, our chances of victory were close to nonexistent. There’d be nothing for it but to ask Orsted to take to the field. I wanted to get through this without him using any mana, but I might not have a choice. I wasn’ t strong enough. Still, I’d driven Badigadi into a tight spot. I’d done everything I could. Whether Badigadi was up and about down there in the ravine, I didn’ t know , but surely I’d brought him as low as it was possible for him to go.

I felt disgust at my own weakness. “Ruijerd, Ghislaine, and you too, Isolde. Come with me, please.” “Rudy? Where are you going?” I thought I’d done everything I could, but there was still something else I had to finish. Even with my mana close to exhausted, I had to do it. “I’m going after Geese.” *** We found him straight away . Next to no ef fort. I didn’ t even have to use what little mana I had left, it was that easy . The moment we crossed the ravine and entered the flame-blackened forest, there, in the shadow cast by the charred remains of a great tree, we found Geese lying on the ground. His whole body was charred dark by terrible burns. When I’d cast Flashover , it had burnt the forest and him with it. When I first saw him, I thought he was dead. He was so still he looked like a black boulder . But luckily Ruijerd had found him first, and he’d used his third eye to probe further . Geese wasn’ t dead. “Geese,” I said. “Hey , boss.” He wasn’ t dead, but it was clear he would be soon, and I wasn’ t about to heal him. I was here to do the opposite…although I didn’ t want to finish him of f straight away , either . “Heh heh. W ater magic, earth magic, the Magic Armor… I thought up ways to counter all of ’em, only for this to be what gets me. Didn’ t know you had a knack for fire magic too, boss. Never once saw you use it.” Geese had all sorts of items on him. He wore a blue vest with a brown band around his middle and something that looked like chainmail. It was hard to tell now , when they were practically burnt to a crisp, but they were presumably precautions against all kinds of magic. I guessed it hadn’ t been the Fighting God Armor ’s power that allowed him to survive Electric back in the Third City of Heirulil.

“And now you’re here, boss, which I reckon must mean my final plan fizzled…” Geese’ s scorched cheeks twisted. His final plan? I guess that depended on whether you called sending Badigadi out alone counted as a “plan.”

“If any of ’em, the Sword God or the North God, the Ogre God, the Abyssal King…if there’d been just one more, things might’ve been different… None of ’em listened to me, y’know .” “Well, none of them were the best listeners,” I replied. Geese seemed half delirious. “Hah, you’re one to talk. Eris, Atofe. That Ghislaine I see over there? You’re surrounded by folks who don’ t know how to listen, yerself.” “Yeah, well… I guess I was lucky .” “Nah, that ain’ t it. It’ s ’cause you did things the right way . Told ’em what was goin’ on, won their trust, and then worked hard to make honest allies of ’em all. And that’ s why , when push came to shove, they listened right and followed your orders right.” He might’ve had a point. Atofe and the Ogre God, who I’d only joined forces with because I’d had to at the time, hardly listened to me at all. Sandor and Dohga were exceptions, but Ariel fit the pattern. If I hadn’ t been able to build trust with everyone, there would have been more who refused to listen to me. “Turns out just twistin’ things to make a reason to fight, scroungin’ people together , stirring ’em up, then sneakin’ around nudging ’em behind their backs just doesn’ t work…” Neither the Sword God nor the North God had followed Geese’ s instructions. At the end of the day , they put their own interests first. That was why I was alive. “I thought I knew what was what, but I was wrong. Still, I thought I’d pull it of f somehow . Only then it turned the one who really didn’ t know… wasn’ t me.” Geese laughed. “The Man-God, y’know . He was throwin’ a real tantrum a little while ago. ‘Why?! Why?! It’ s all your fault! Y a stupid ape!’” Geese flashed a careless, mocking smile. “I mean, what’d he expect? Who’ s gonna lend an honest hand to a bastard who tricks and sneers at the folks that work their hardest for him?” “Then…does that mean you cut corners too, Geese?” “Is that what you think, eh? W as it that easy for you? I gave it my all, I’ll have you know .” Geese coughed and something black like soot trickled

from his mouth. “See, Badigadi and I, we’re unusually softhearted. Who else’d help out a guy who screams at his allies for bein’ useless even now? Softies is who.” The black soot we saw now was like a representation of Geese’ s soul. I could tell he was growing weaker . “Thing is though, boss. Even after all that, the Man-God saved me. Yeah, he did some nasty stuf f to me too, but when you add it all up, he saved me.” When I didn’ t say anything, Geese went on. “Y ou wouldn’ t get that, eh, boss? Y ou can do anythin’, go anywhere in the world, all on your own. You wouldn’ t get what it’ s like when you just can’ t do nothin’.” I did get it. Or at least, I thought I did. I understood what it was like not to be able to do what everyone else could. Geese was…me. Me as I’d been long ago, only there was one dif ference. Back then, I hadn’ t even tried. When I came up against a wall, I just ran away . Geese, on the other hand, really didn’ t have the ability . In this world dominated by monsters and violence, the most important power was the power to fight, and he didn’ t have it. He’d learned how to do everything else, but he couldn’ t survive. “No, Geese, you’re wrong…” I could say he was wrong, but no more than that. I couldn’ t say that I understood. I didn’ t want to give him an answer . All I could do was deny it. “Heh. Hey , Rudeus. If you’re gonna tell me I’m wrong, take some pride in it. Y ou won, y’know? Y a beat me. The world says it’ s winners who get to be right and losers are wrong. So stand up straight and tell me, ‘That’ s wrong, Geese. That ain’ t how it is.’ Then, see, you go on and give me a lecture, seein’ as I’m about to die. ‘Y a shoulda done it like this, ya shoulda stuck with me and never gone over to the Man-God.’ That sorta thing.” W ith that, the strength seemed to go out of him, and he said, his face empty , “Me, Badigadi, and the Abyssal King are all gone. The Man-God’ s got no one left who’ll go outta their way to help him out. He lost. Ain’ t no one left in this world who can mess with Rudeus Greyrat. In fact, he said himself that if this was a dud, there’d be nothin’ he could do to ya. So I reckon he’ll quiet down, at least ’ til you take him out. Count on it: He’ll be sneakin’ about behind the scenes, though.”

“You’re joking, right?” I said, butting it without thinking. Geese didn’ t smile. “If that’ s how ya wanna think, I ain’ t gonna stop you. I’m only guessing that he’ll quiet down, no more. Go on wavin’ that ‘Down with the Man-God!’ flag if you like. It’ll be bad for him but not for you, eh?” I wasn’ t laughing either . “Hey , now , what’ s the glum look for? Y ou’re Paul’ s son, aren’ t ya? Paul’d look a bit more cheerful if he were around. Maybe not right before he died, though. He really got older while I wasn’ t lookin’… But anyways, take some pride in this already! Rejoice a bit, even if it don’ t last. How d’ya think I feel when you don’ t? Makes me look like a real moron, after I went all over the world gettin’ the Sword God and the North God and the Ogre God to join me, then getting ’em fired up like, ‘Let’ s take him down!’ only for it to all fall to pieces. All ’cause I couldn’ t control ’em. At the end I took a risk and sent Badi. Look where that got me. At least remember me as a strong opponent, yeah? That’ s how I wanna be remembered.” Before I knew it, Geese was crying. T ears were streaming down his soot-stained face. When I saw that, I knew for sure that he hadn’ t held anything back. “Okay . You were strong, Geese. T rue, I’m standing here now , but if just one thing had gone awry , I’m pretty sure our places would be reversed. This was the hardest, most brutal fight of my life.” “Heh… Heh heh. Cheers, Rudeus.” He had been strong, all right. It had taken me a year to defeat him. For a whole year , I’d prepared…not to mention everything I’d brought to the fight that had been built up over a much longer period. No one could call him weak after all that. “Geese.” Suddenly , Ghislaine stepped forward. She looked down at Geese. Her bangs hid her face so that I couldn’ t read her expression. “Hey , Ghislaine. Been a while.” “It has.” “I’m headin’ on.” “Yes. Say hello to Paul for me.”

“Gotcha… Maybe, when it’ s your time, we can get a drink. I wanna see Paul get drunk again, then stickin’ his face into ya chest and makin’ Zenith sulk…” “Zenith won’ t be going anywhere for a while yet. My time will probably come first.” “Heh, yeah, I know… Anyway…’ til we all…meet…ag…” Geese fell still. Just like that, something in him was gone, suddenly , even though he hadn’ t finished talking. Ghislaine’ s ears twitched, then her tail drooped. “He’ s dead,” she said. Dead. Geese was dead. *** I beat Geese. I could think that now , but as I’d expected, it didn’ t make me happy . I was aware I was in shock. There was something about seeing someone I knew die in front of me that I couldn’ t process. He was my enemy , and I’d known I had to take him down…but it wasn’ t like I’d loathed Geese with every fiber of my being or anything. If we’d lost the battle and they’d killed Eris or someone close to me, I might have ended up loathing him. I might have felt like this was justice. I took down the bastar d. I got my r evenge. That sort of thing. But… I couldn’ t deal with it. All I knew was that I was able to numbly ruminate the way I was because I hadn’ t lost a single person in the battle who was important to me. I’d met my victory conditions. I’d wiped out the disciples and kept Orsted in reserve. It’d been a hard fight and there’d been missteps but despite that, it was a perfect victory—rare, for me. Maybe I was trying to use the way Geese had died to mess it up a bit. Perhaps some part of me thought that, if I’d been cleverer , Geese might have come back over to my side. Thinking about it wasn’ t doing any good. At the very least, though, I could take his bones home and make him a grave. Next to Paul’ s. That’d be good. He’d said something about being together .

Those were the thoughts running through my head as I watched Geese’ s body burn. Ghislaine stared intently at the cremation proceedings. Maybe it was my imagination, but when it was over and we’d recovered the bones, her ears and tail seemed limp. “Let’ s go home.” “Yeah.” We crossed the ravine. Whatever else aside, it was really over this time. I was worn out. I barely had any mana left; I was physically exhausted. If I lay down I’d be out like a light. Not that I could af ford to sleep until Badigadi was sealed… I was eager to get back to Sharia, anyway . I wanted to get a good night’ s sleep in my own bed and then wake up to eat. I’d have rice for breakfast… Y eah—here in the Biheiril Kingdom, they had soy sauce. I could make a perfect tamagokake gohan bowl. When I got back, I’d eat. I’d eat until I burst. Then, of course, it’d be time for some sexy shenanigans. Rudeus the Celibate had died with Geese. Sylphie…or Roxy…or Eris… who to pick? Scratch that, how about all three at once? Eris wouldn’ t like it, but surely it’d be all right to ask her , just this once. Chances like this didn’ t come along every day , right? Right. The post-mortem for this battle could wait until later . For now , I’d forget what Geese had said. Now , it was time to rest. I was exhausted. “Rudeus.” As I walked, dragging myself wearily along with every step, I heard a voice from behind me. It was Ruijerd. He was walking at the back of our group and had turned to look behind him. Back at the ravine. “What’ s the matter?” “An enemy .” “What?” There was a hand clinging to the edge of the ravine. A hand. A hand. Something was climbing up out of the ravine. But what? Never mind, there was no point wasting words on it. The hand shone gold. It wore a golden gauntlet. “You’re kidding.”

It was Badigadi. Surely this was too soon. W asn’t it? Thinking back, I’d thrown a few of his arms into the ravine, then his body after them. His body had appeared to be practically annihilated, but there could have been a few lar ger chunks here and there…maybe by pulling together the bits that remained, no matter how minute, he’d been able to fast-track his regeneration. W ere immortal demon kings that immortal…? As we stood frozen, the armor rose out of the ravine. Only , it looked different now . It only had two arms, which was how it had been when I’d defeated it, but the overall design had changed. The helmet was a dif ferent shape, and it was shorter , not even two meters tall. It was also holding a sword. An enormous sword. The world’ s greatest sword, for ged from the King Dragon King. No. It isn’ t him. That isn’ t Badigadi. “No matter how desperate he becomes, a hero always rises again and turns the tides. That is what I have achieved!” That voice. The way he said “hero.” There was no way I could mistake that calling card. “I am North God Kalman III, Alexander R ybak!” He was alive. Huh! I’d really thought he was dead. His body hadn’ t so much as twitched back when I sent him down here, and yet here he was. He’d survived. Ah, of course. He had immortal demon blood too. Given time, he could regenerate like Badigadi. Except—no. A shiver ran up my spine as it all clicked. This was the “final plan” Geese had talked about. Had this been his plan from the start? Or had he changed tack partway through? I’d thought something was of f. I’d thought it was strange when the armor didn’ t regenerate. He’d deliberately prevented it from regenerating. Then, Alec had put it on at the bottom of the ravine and restored himself. Maybe yesterday , when Geese was playing dead, he’d been preparing to drop the Fighting God Armor and part of Badigadi into the ravine and resurrect Alec…

Dammit. There was still more I had to do. There was another battle I had to fight. I was sick of this. Couldn’ t it just be over? Like, give me a break already! An opponent I already beat once coming back for a second round? Maybe it was my fault. I hadn’ t made sure that Alec was dead. I’d beaten him and thought that meant I’d finished him of f for good, only to leave him there. I could have burned him, at the very least! But no, I’d left him there, and now here we were. What else should I have done in that situation, though? What more could I have given than what I already had? Well…whatever . What was done was done. What was I going to do now? The V ersion Zero was gone. I had no backup. Ghislaine, Isolde, and Ruijerd, and I remained, with me teetering on the ver ge of mana drain. I had no weapon and no armor . My hand was empty . There was no hope of winning. What should I do? How was I supposed to beat North God Kalman III wearing the Fighting God Armor? Was it time to ask Orsted to step in? As if. What was any of this for? I had to at least weaken him…but how? As I gaped at him, Alec looked back at me. He didn’ t seem at all surprised that I was here. It was like he’d expected me to be waiting for him. “Rudeus Greyrat…” he said. “I apologize for calling you useless. You are a formidable warrior . I would not have thought it from your appearance, but you are a worthy opponent for me. Thanks to you, I have ascended to a new level of power . You have my gratitude.” I turned my weary body toward the golden armor . If I ran, he’d only catch me. I didn’ t even have enough strength to buy time. I’d go down fighting, then. I’d struggle with everything I had left. Focusing only on that thought, I stepped forward— “Uh?” I was sprawled on the ground. “I am invincible now ,” Alec said. It was seeing the other three fallen around me—Ruijerd, Ghislaine, and Isolde—that made me realize Alex had thrown us all down. He’d knocked us all down in one hit.