# Capitolo 6

Pagine: 50-58

*** Frontline tanks: Dohga and Zanoba. Frontline attackers: Eris and Ruijerd. Middle supports: Elinalise and the Superd warriors. Backline attacker: me. Backline healer: Clif f. Standard party formation and standard tactics. The basic plan was that Dohga and Zanoba would take attacks while Eris and Ruijerd doled them out. Elinalise and the Superd warriors, who were outclassed in fighting power , would go around behind Badigadi from time to time to throw him of f. For everyone except Zanoba and Dohga, a single hit was potentially fatal. Honestly , a direct hit would be potentially fatal even for those two, but they’d cover each other to avoid taking any . They might still break some bones or something along those lines, but Clif f and I would heal all of that. Clif f was our dedicated healer . I did some healing while firing of f Stone Cannons here and there to deal damage to the Fighting God and divert his attacks. I couldn’ t see Badigadi with the Eye of Foresight, but by cutting of f mana to the Eye of Distant Sight, I could use the Eye of Foresight to watch my allies and predict their movements that way. I’d never done anything like this before. I’d never practiced it or drilled it. Yet for some reason, it worked. I felt like I was fighting with one eye closed, but I could still read Badigadi and my allies’ movements. If anything, it seemed like my movements were smoother than usual. Maybe that was because my primary role here was providing support, or maybe it was because Badigadi’ s movements were so straightforward. He certainly didn’ t have Alexander ’s technique; Alexander had fought Eris, Ruijerd, and Sandor three-on-one and barely taken a hit. Not Badigadi, though—beyond just being outnumbered, he was also taking practically every hit. This was good. My opponent’ s movements were clearly telegraphed and I caught every last one. Only , I couldn’ t see how to end it. Badigadi was taking all our attacks, so at a glance, it might look like we were winning. It might look like we were dealing decent damage. But it only looked that way . Every time Eris cut him apart or Ruijerd stabbed him

through, the wounds repaired right away . The gold armor writhed like a living thing to cover the holes as soon as they appeared. He was probably recovering inside the armor too. In other words, he’d taken no damage, and he wasn’ t tired. W e wouldn’ t have a situation like with Alexander where he looked like he was winning easily while, in reality , he was getting more and more tired. The battle was only going to turn further against us as it went on. There was no hope of winning, but we could hang on. So long as our formation held and no one went down suddenly , we could hang on. Who knew where that would get us? But it was all we could do. And that meager amount proved too much. The first to go down were, of course, the Superd warriors. They weren’ t weak by any means, but they were a few levels below Ruijerd, and they hadn’ t fought in a real battle for the past few hundred years. Some of them might not even have been born at the time of the Laplace W ar. The warriors who’d only ever hunted Invisible W olves couldn’ t keep up in a battle with the Fighting God. One after another , they dropped out of the battle in rapid succession. Some had clearly died instantly , others were badly wounded but would still fight if healed. Others, I couldn’ t tell. There had been ten of them when the fight began, but now they were down to three. We lost Elinalise next. She certainly wasn’ t weak either . As far as technique went, she was in the top ranks of adventurers. She was good enough to frontline in an S-Rank labyrinth, and her defensive skill with a shield was unmatched. That ranking was against other adventurers, though. Her specialty was aggro-control, skillfully deflecting attacks with her shield, then piling on low-damage attacks. But she had lost her trusty shield. I’d made her a backup with earth magic, but Fighting God Badigadi’ s attack easily broke through her deflection technique, throwing her through the air so she went crashing into a lar ge tree. She blacked out. After that, it all fell apart. Clif f was thrown when Elinalise went down, and in that moment of distraction, he was caught by the Fighting God’ s char ge. He went flying like he’d been hit by a truck and disappeared into the bushes. Whether he was dead or just critically injured I couldn’ t tell, but he didn’ t come back. At minimum, he’d been knocked out. With Clif f unconscious, Zanoba and Dohga, who he’d been healing, were unable to hold on any longer . Between my support with Stone Cannon

and Elinalise’ s cover , we’d made sure they were only taking one of every few attacks. Now , they were taking almost every single one. W ith my healing magic, they were enduring it, but no more than that. Running over to them every time the Fighting God sent them flying, healing them, and sending them back into the fray was impossible for me on my own. If I’d even had the Magic Armor V ersion T wo, maybe I could have done it, but in my own body? Unable to don a battle aura? No matter how much I sped myself along with wind magic I was still too slow . Always one step behind. Our timing got more and more out of sync until both Zanoba and Dohga were sent flying as a pair . At the same moment, the Fighting God tar geted Eris. Ruijerd covered her , but that put him out of the battle. I rushed to heal Dohga, then ran to Zanoba’ s side, but I was too slow . Our line was in shambles. Dohga was sent flying, then, as I was healing Zanoba, I saw the fighting God hit Eris straight on with his fist. She collapsed, coughing up blood. She’s fatally wounded! screamed a voice in my head. You have to heal her right now or it’ll be too late! But I was too slow . The Fighting God was closing in on me and Zanoba. “Rroooaaaah!” Zanoba howled. He blocked the Fighting God’ s right upper punch, then his left. He took a punch from one of the lower arms in the gut, doubling over . Next, a punch from the middle arms got him in the temple, and he was thrown of f to one side. Next, the Fighting God rounded on me. By the time I’d thought, Oh, shit! , it was too late. The punch caught me as I was trying to cast Shock Wave to push myself back. It was one of the middle arms. I immediately tried to block it with my arm, but it was a pointless gesture. The impact was so intense I thought my upper body would be torn apart—and I sailed into the air myself. I’m not sure if it was good luck or bad that I didn’ t lose consciousness. I could feel that all my bones from my shoulder down to my ribs were broken, and maybe my spine, too, because I couldn’ t feel my legs. I couldn’ t move. Possibly the shock had been so great that my brain had cut out all pain signals. I’d simply lost all sensation. Gasping, I immediately cast healing magic on myself, then stood up. The sight that greeted me was like a scene out of hell. Not a single person was left standing. After I’d gone down, the Fighting God had done away with the remaining Superd warriors. It was sheer carnage. I’d made the wrong call on when to pull out, and now , we couldn’ t even retreat. Thinking

back, we should have fallen back the moment Elinalise went down. I should have seen that we couldn’ t hold out any longer and gone back to the Superd village. Then, I should have left the rest to Orsted. But it was too late for regrets. The Fighting God stood to confront me, the last one standing. “Any final words?” “Honestly , I’d like to beg for my life.” “You may try , though I would not hold out hope that your pleas will be heard. The Man-God desires your death.” I want to find a moment to heal Eris, I thought groggily . It didn’ t look like I was going to be granted that. W asn’t there another way? If I kept Badigadi distracted for five minutes—hell, three would do— just time enough to dash to Eris’ s side. I’d settle for Clif f waking up and healing someone. W asn’t there something, anything, I could do? “Okay , you can have my life. In exchange…would you please spare my family?” “Oho? Family , you say?” “I don’ t think your Majesty is aware, but I have children now . All four of them healthy .” “Children are a fine thing. I’d like some of my own with Kishirika one day .” Badigadi nodded. “V ery well. But know that if any of them rises against me, I shall show no mercy .” “Of course.” After I was dead, the Man-God would go after my children, but now , he wouldn’ t have Badigadi helping him. Getting that promise from him would have to do for now . Even if it might not mean anything in the end… This was my final job. “Fwahahaha, haaahahahahahahaha!” Badigadi cackled, raising his fist. “Farewell, then, boy!” At this, I raised both of my hands. As my final act, I could at least hit him with the strongest Stone Cannon I could—

“Get down!” I threw myself down on all fours like a dog. Something even lower to the ground than I was passed by in the corner of my vision. It shot between the Fighting God’ s legs, then stopped behind him. It had gray skin, animal ears, and a cat-like tail. A black wolf. It had sliced through the Fighting God’ s legs around the knees, and for a moment, his balance faltered—but only for a moment. The armor repaired itself straight away , and his fist came down undeterred. Just then, a long skirt fluttered above me. I was being straddled. “Hmph!” As the Fighting God swung his fist down, he disappeared from my view . I felt something lar ge get blasted away into the sky somewhere behind me. A little later there was a rumble as something hit the ground. What had happened? All I could see was the inside of this long skirt, and, above me, a pair of pale blue panties. The owner of said panties seemed familiar , though I couldn’ t place them. But the other one, the wolf? I knew that wolf. I’d seen them before. As if I could for get! That way of moving, that sandy hair , that red-brown skin—plus the waving tail and animal ears. “Ghislaine!” I cried. That meant the one with black hair had to be Isolde! W ater Emperor Isolde! Ghislaine and Isolde had been working together! “Sylphie!”

Sylphie came darting onto the battlefield like a mouse. She went over to the fallen and simply laid her hands on them. It only took that much for their wounds to heal. Before I knew it, she’d healed Dohga and Zanoba. She was using unvoiced casting. Until now , I hadn’ t really considered that it had this advantage—I hadn’ t had the chance. Now I saw it, it was clear as day. She was crazy fast. Faster than me and Clif f together . As I watched, Eris and Ruijerd emer ged from the bushes and returned to the battlefield, and before I knew it, our line of battle was back on its feet. Isolde took the main shield position with Dohga and Zanoba relegated to sub-shields. Eris, Ghislaine, and Ruijerd were our attackers. And now , we had Sylphie and her unvoiced healing magic as our healer . Our battle line was standing. We’d made it out of hell. “Rudy!” Sylphie called. “I’ll hold him down here, so you get to the village! Roxy’ s waiting for you there!” “Got it!” W ith that, I set of f running for the Superd village at an all- out sprint. I ran harder than I ever had in my life. Sylphie had come. Even though I’d brought the bridge over the ravine down, she was here. That meant she must have come from the village, and that meant that the card I’d been keeping in reserve had arrived at last. Jumping over tree roots and plunging on through the trees, I finally made it back to the Superd V illage. What I saw there filled me with joy . The moment I entered the village, there it was, in the distance. The thing I’d been holding out for sat on top of the teleportation circle I’d drawn up in preparation in the back of the village. I kept running as fast as I could. “Big Brother!” “Grand Master!” “Oh, Big Bro…” On the way , I passed Norn, Julie, and Aisha, but I ignored them. I just kept running until I reached it. A girl sat on the ground near the broken teleportation circle. She looked exhausted. “Roxy!” I cried. She looked up at me. “Oh, Rudy .” There were dark rings under her eyes, like she was out of mana or hadn’ t slept in days. “I’m so sorry . I

messed up the procedure. I dug it out, then after I’d gotten it up, I started working on the teleportation circle. If I’d drawn the teleportation circle first, then had you dig it up, I wouldn’ t have been so late…” “That’ s fine! It’ s all fine! Y ou got here in time!” Behind her was a giant set of armor .

Three meters tall and dark blue, its right hand was equipped with the Gatling gun and its left with a shotgun. Besides that, there was a magic sword with the power to ignore all defenses clenched in its fist. The armor was as thick and hefty as a sumo wrestler ’s body; it was lying face down. It didn’ t look that dif ferent from the V ersion One, but this was not the V ersion One. This armor , gotten ready just in case of an occasion such as this, was my honest-to-god trump card. It was a weapon for short, decisive battles. Increasing its mana consumption several times over gave it massively improved mobility and armor . In concept, it was the inverse of the V ersion Three, and so we’d named it— “This is the Magic Armor V ersion Zero,” Roxy said. This was my ace up my sleeve. My trump card. If I couldn’ t win with this… Scratch that. Useless way of thinking about it. The odds were against me regardless. “I’ll be back soon, Roxy!” “Good luck in the battle, Rudy!” I got into the V ersion Zero. The sensation of so much mana being drawn out of me made me a little dizzy as I stood up. Then, I saw Orsted standing in the center of the village. He was holding a gigantic sword. “Rudeus! Use it!” he shouted, then tossed the great blade to me like it weighed nothing at all. I caught it. It was just the right size for a three- meter -tall suit of armor . Even I, with my clumsy swordsmanship, could feel the awesome power it contained just by holding it. This was the King Dragon Blade, Kajakut. “Sir Orsted! I’ll be back soon!” I called. Orsted didn’ t reply , only nodded. Pushing the V ersion Zero as hard as it would go, I sped back to the battlefield.

Chapter 3: The Fifth T urning Point W HEN I GOT BACK, Eris and the others were holding up just fine. They’d lost me and the Superd warriors, and Clif f and Elinalise were still not there, but things had stabilized. Ghislaine dashed about the battlefield, practically on all fours. The sweet spot of the Fighting God’ s fist was high —he was a tall guy—so she kept low to the ground to avoid the range of the blast of wind it generated, slashing at him from the front, side, and back to assist the others. Ghislaine didn’ t have enough of fensive power , but from the way the Fighting God was waving his arms around, she was giving him a hard time. Sylphie’ s presence was similarly massive. The situation called for faster recovery , so her unvoiced healing magic was a perfect fit. When the Fighting God sent Zanoba or Clif f flying, she’d be at their side and have them back on their feet in an instant. Sylphie had been of f active duty for a long time now , so I thought she’d struggle to keep up with the physical demand, but she was single-handedly doing as much healing as Clif f and I had combined. I suppose I should give special mention to Isolde. She was out in front of the rest, deflecting all the Fighting God’ s attacks against her and striking back with her own. She moved with grace and precision. Her technique made the Fighting God’ s violent blows—any one of which could’ve been lethal—look like a child’ s tantrum. Obviously , she wasn’ t going to defeat him like that. No matter how many flowing strikes she hit back at the Fighting God with or how many times she sliced into his arms or his legs, she didn’ t do any damage. In a one-on-one battle, she might have given him a good fight, but she’d never have won. At some point, she’d get tired, and then it’d be over . When it came to buying time until I made it back, though, her presence was worth its weight in gold. “Sorry for taking so long!” I called out to Sylphie.