# Capitolo 5

Pagine: 38-47

Oh, and I got one hit on Geese. It was hard to tell from this far away , but at the moment of impact he’d fallen of f Badigadi’ s shoulder . Seemed conclusive. Although, right after that he got back up like nothing had happened, so I’d apparently done almost no damage. He did move to stand behind Badigadi rather than get back up on his shoulder , like I’d woken him up, at least. A hit at closer range might have done enough damage to insta- kill him, but given I hadn’ t taken him out with the lightning, it seemed safe to assume that Geese had given himself some sort of magical resistance. In the end, I couldn’ t manage anything close to slowing them down. Once the Fighting God got close enough, I used fire magic to burn the outer wall, then retreated into the forest. I wasn’ t about to get any closer than I had to. As I confirmed that the wall had been destroyed, I said to myself, “All according to plan. W e’ve got this. W e’ll be okay…” Yup. I knew this is how things would go. There was no way this’d be enough to stop them. When the Fighting God entered the trees, I cast a wide-area Deep Mist to cover the entire forest, then I added a Quagmire of the same size. Reconnaissance and guerrilla tactics I’d leave to Ruijerd and the Superd warriors. My Demon Eyes didn’ t work, but Ruijerd and the other Superd’ s eyes were definitely trained on the Fighting God. It worked. A report came that thanks to the Superd’ s tactics combined with the Deep Mist, the Fighting God had become lost and spent several hours stumbling around in the fog. Hoping that he’d get so lost he ended up back at the edge of the forest again, I continued to cast Dense Mist and Quagmire over the whole area. Then, after a few hours, Ruijerd came with a report. “The Fighting God has settled on his direction of advance.” He was heading straight for the Ravine of the Earthwyrm. I bet that was Geese. Badigadi alone would’ve been one thing, but Geese seemed like the sort to know how to find his way in a forest under Dense Mist. I questioned whether pure know- how would be enough to actually do it, but it wasn’ t hard to imagine he’d used some sort of magical implement or magic item. Although if he’d had a magic implement, they wouldn’ t have wandered for hours in the first place.

He probably took time and used old-school methods to determine their position and direction. Geese could probably manage that. So with Deep Mist, Quagmire, and the Superd’ s guerilla tactics, we’d managed to slow them down for a measly three hours. Three of our fighters were dead. The Fighting God had taken out the Superd warriors who had gotten too close to him, but their deaths weren’ t in vain. They’d stopped him long enough for the sun to set. When that happened, the Fighting God stopped moving. He wasn’ t solar -powered or anything, but he ceased ‐ activity at night even so. Not me, though. I didn’ t let up with Dense Mist or Quagmire, and the Superd never paused their campaign. I carried out long-range attacks with Blast Cannon. I wasn’ t hoping to do any damage. The point was not to let them sleep, not to let them rest. It might not have much ef fect on Badigadi, but it would af fect Geese. The first day ended. *** On the second day , we carried on like we had on the first afternoon. We made the most of the full day to lure the Fighting God toward the Ravine of the Earthwyrm. The third day dawned. I stood atop the barricading wall I’d built at the edge of the clif f on the other side of the ravine, keeping a close watch on the shadowy forest. Right beside me stood Ruijerd, also staring hard at the forest. The Ravine of the Earthwyrm was extremely well-suited to defense—it was almost a kilometer deep and, though I hadn’ t realized the first time I’d crossed it, the clif f on the side of the Superd V illage was slightly elevated. As a rule, the side with the high ground had an advantage in a fight. Height gave better visibility , and climbing took more ener gy than descending. Thanks, gravity . With that in mind, I’d used earth magic to build a barricade wall at the edge of the clif f on the Superd V illage side. It was almost twenty meters tall, shorter than the one at the edge of the forest. Seeing as this was the only point that the ravine narrowed, that wasn’ t a problem. I had made a hole in that defense when I’d made a bridge as a way

in, but that hole had been filled when I brought the bridge down with me. With this, we wouldn’ t have to deal with another episode like with the Ogre God, where we suddenly found ourselves fighting at close quarters after he cleared the gap with a running jump. Probably . Not to underestimate the Fighting God’ s powers, but this wall was the tallest and strongest I could make it in the short time I had. If he could still jump over it, we might as well just give up. Assuming he couldn’ t, if he clung onto the clif f face, I could blast him with Stone Cannons from above. In this battle, I’d learned that even if he could neutralize magic, that didn’ t extend to neutralizing changes in the landscape. The first battle had shown me that Stone Cannon was plenty ef fective. And Geese, well, he didn’ t have any strength. If I hit him with a Stone Cannon while he clung to the clif f face, he’d fall to the bottom of the ravine. Even if knocking him of f that way failed, I might be able to make him slip of f by dropping a massive volume of water on him. Geese was a tricky guy , but he was useless in a head-on brawl. Badi seemed like he’d have some tricks up his sleeve, though, and Geese was cunning. They were a perfect match. Risky as it was to lead them to the narrow point in the ravine, it was still better than having them cross without our noticing and then blindsiding us. I stood with Clif f, Ruijerd, and the Superd warriors above the ravine. The other Superd were positioned at regular intervals along the stretches not covered by the wall so that we’d be alerted right away if Badigadi crossed there. Eris stood by , directly behind the wall. Once Geese and Badigadi broke through, it’d be all-out war . We’d bought ourselves some time. What should have been a day’s journey , traveling in a straight line, had taken three. W e’d earned an extra two days… But I still hadn’ t heard anything from Roxy , so that extra time might have been for nothing. Still, I wouldn’ t change my approach. I knew from the battle in the port town I couldn’ t win a head-on fight. I wanted my trump card. Night fell. I had no idea when they might come. The Superd were watching the forest with me, but wherever our enemy was camped was outside of their detection range. Keep on your toes, I thought. Just then, I heard Ruijerd shout.

“They’re here!” I strained my eyes as hard as I could to look into the shadows of the forest. There they were. They were no bigger than a grain of rice, but there was someone standing in the trees. No golden sheen, though. This person wore a white robe. I’d seen a white robe like that before. It was Geese. W ell, it was possible it was someone else, but it looked like Geese. “Who is it?” “It’s him,” Ruijerd said with conviction. The distance between us and them was within the range of his third eye. It was unlikely Ruijerd was wrong. Geese appeared to be watching us, not from up close to the edge of the ravine, but from back in the forest, among the under growth. It was still too dark to see clearly , but it really did look like him. And I couldn’ t spot the faintest sparkle of gold anywhere nearby . Geese was alone. “Huh?” Alone? W as he scouting by himself? Geese, who knew the magic I could use, who knew I had the Eye of Distant Sight, who knew there were Superd here, was alone? W as he that confident? Or was Badigadi lying in wait nearby? The ravine was a hundred meters across at most; if Badigadi were close enough to come to Geese’ s defense, Ruijerd would be able to see him. An attack from me would take him down, wouldn’ t it? At this realization, my heart started racing. Stone Cannon would reach him. Geese was looking our way , but I had the feeling he couldn’ t see me. I’d hit him. It was a hundred meters. Even considering height and ‐ position, the arc of a Stone Cannon, the shot couldn’ t be more than two hundred. If I aimed carefully , that was a distance I could reliably hit from. I paused. Should I do it? What if it was someone else? Like, an adventurer in a white robe. Who’d just happened to get lost in the forest. In the middle of a battle. Yeah. No way . After the Dense Mist and Quagmire of the previous day , the forest was a mess. No adventurer would have made it this far . Even if they’d

already been close to the ravine when it began, the Superd’ s radar would have picked them up. I could take out Geese right now . What should I do? It was one hundred percent a trap. What sort of trap? Right now , I could attack. What could he do? W as there some advantage he got by making me attack? Let’ s say that whoever was over there looked like Geese but was actually someone else. Could they be one of my friends or family? No way . That was impossible. Up until yesterday , it had only been the two of them. They couldn’ t have brought someone along out of nowhere. In which case, was this an opening? Up until now , I’d been focused on buying time and hadn’ t been actively attacking. They’d made rapid progress from the port town to here. After a leisurely journey with Badigadi, maybe he was cocky about an easy victory . Couldn’ t it be that he’d let his guard down and revealed himself to us? It’d be the easiest thing to attack, and the risk was low . No reason not to, right? It was also possible he’d somehow placed someone there who I didn’ t want to see die. Strategically , what would the point of that be? What was the point of my not attacking now? I was getting muddled. It felt like a trap, but even so, I couldn’ t think of any downsides to attacking. All right, let’ s fire at him. Maybe it’ s a trap, but there’ s no downside to just shooting him. If he responded, he responded. “I’m going to attack,” I said. “Understood.” I concentrated magic in my right hand. I was more interested in accuracy than speed and power . I still couldn’ t see Geese with the Eye of Distant Sight, but I used it to project the landscape while flicking the mana for the Eye of Foresight, predicting where my shot would land. In case it went wide, I decided to use Blast Cannon. I hesitated before I fired, just for a moment. That moment passed and a Stone Cannon burst from my fingers, hurtling towards the other side of the ravine on a dead straight trajectory .

There was no sound. As it impacted, the figure on the other side collapsed like a puppet with its strings cut, then was still. The shot had hit, and it had gotten results. T ime passed. It was surreal, like nothing had happened. The fallen figure didn’ t move. In the light of the morning, all I could hear was the quiet rustling of the forest. T en minutes passed. Then twenty . I wasn’ t keeping track of the exact time, but it kept on slipping away . A feeling took root within me. I wanted to know . Whatever was lying on the ground over there after I’d hit it, I wanted to know what it was. W as it Geese, or something else? W as it alive or dead? I could hop on down there and be back again in a jif fy. Surely that would be fine. But as that idea came to me, I realized what was going on. This was the trap. Geese’ s plan wasn’ t to make me attack but to make me feel what I felt now . Maybe whoever lay down there really was Geese, on the ver ge of death, and all I had to do to win was strike the final blow . Maybe it was Sylphie—they’d captured her at some point, then come up with some way to deceive Ruijerd’ s eye, and if I didn’ t go to her aid right now she’d die. Even if either of those were true, if I went to look, the Fighting God would appear , and I’d die. I couldn’ t go. An hour passed. I was on edge. Had I made some irreversible mistake? Should I not have shot the figure after all? W as their aim in making me shoot it to keep me locked down here? What if, even now , they were crossing the ravine at another point? Okay , no, I did have the Superd warriors guarding the ravine at least. I had to trust them. Two hours passed. Should I have gone to check after all? Might going down to check give me a clue as to Geese’ s next move? W as I just avoiding finding out the truth for some reason? Three hours passed. Nothing moved. All sorts of patterns floated in and out of my mind. This wondering was starting to wear me out. If Geese’ s

plan was to make me exhausted, he was succeeding. After four hours, I was certain. That was a corpse. It hadn’ t moved for four hours, so it had to be a body . But whose? W as it really plausible that Geese was dead, and Badigadi hadn’ t done anything? If Roxy were here, she might have had something constructive to say . When I asked Clif f, he just frowned and shook his head. Six hours passed. I ate a quick lunch, then returned to watching the corpse. It didn’ t move. Eight hours passed. The afternoon was wearing on, and the sun was growing steadily lower in the sky . Maybe because I’d been on constant alert, I was only getting more tired. If the sun set below the horizon and still nothing happened, I’d go have a look. When the tenth hour passed, Ruijerd said abruptly , “Rudeus. He’ s here.” With a start, I looked to the forest, just in time to see the shining golden armor step out from the trees. When the armor drew near , the corpse slowly got up. It put its face up to the armor for a while, as though it was saying something, then turned to look our way . I saw the shrug. That was Geese’ s shrug, no doubt about it. W ithout any further fanfare, the two of them retreated into the depths of the forest. Silence fell once more. “Whew…” It had been a trap. The figure was Geese, but he had used himself as bait to try and lure me out. I’d been close to falling for it. Night was about to fall. I’d leave the Superd warriors on guard and catch a bit of sleep. My mind was fried. They might come back as the sun set, but I’d settle for just a nap. “I’m taking a break,” I said. I curled up in a blanket. The third day ended.

*** It was the third night. It seemed that after seeing our wall, Geese and Badigadi were struggling to work out an ef fective attack strategy . Badigadi couldn’ t simply jump over the wall, and if he couldn’ t do that, he couldn’ t protect Geese. I’d been right on that count. Then there were the missiles that came hurtling at us from the other side of the valley . First came a massive boulder that hit the wall at hair -raising speed, knocking out a chunk of the wall. More boulders and tree trunks followed, coming one after another at terrifying speeds. I woke to the cacophony and intercepted them all, so they didn’ t do any significant damage. Badigadi and Geese must have decided that unless they did something about the wall, they couldn’ t get through. That would explain this attack. Based on what I’d seen of the Fighting God’ s battle style, he could have smashed his way through if he were alone. It had to be Geese holding him back. If he left Geese behind and leaped over , he could get through…only then, if a pursuit came from the rear , Geese would be dead meat. Not that there weren’ t any reinforcements coming from outside the forest… W ell, except maybe Atofe, if she regenerated then came after us. Maybe they were afraid of something like that. A single Superd warrior on the forest side should be enough, to be fair…but it was possible the two of them had wisened up to the danger of leaving Geese behind after yesterday . A guard could finish Geese of f if he was by himself. I didn’ t have to be there. It didn’ t have to be me. It was getting to the point where the Fighting God might well run out of patience and jump over alone. My trump card still hadn’ t come. ***

On the fourth day , the sun came up, and the Fighting God along with it. He was alone, as I’d predicted. He came over at a running jump, like the Ogre God, then stuck fast to a point a little below the wall. As I’d expected. Everything was as I’d planned. The moment I saw that Geese wasn’ t on the Fighting God’ s back, I released a spell at the other side of the ravine, casting Flashover over a wide area. The forest was swallowed by flames in an instant. I couldn’ t tell if it got to him. I didn’ t have time to scan the burning forest for a body . I kept the blaze of the burning trees in the corner of my eye, but I had an enemy in front of me who required my full attention. Using his six arms to climb like a spider , the Fighting God scaled the wall at a shocking pace. Clif f and I fired Stone Cannons and giant water bombs at him to try and knock him of f, but it was like trying to hold back the tide. The Fighting God flew up the wall at blistering speed. “Clif f! It’s no good! Fall back! Ruijerd! Get us out of here!” “Understood!” Ruijerd grabbed me and Clif f and jumped down from the wall. W e didn’ t wait for the Fighting God to get over the wall—the moment we hit the ground, I used magic to send the towering wall crashing down into the ravine. It did us no good. The wall began to crumble away with aching slowness, then exploded all at once as though by dynamite. Great hunks of rock flew through the air , and among them, a golden suit of armor . I used magic to clean up the boulders that came raining down on us, never taking my eyes of f the Fighting God. He alighted at a point less than five meters away from me with a grunt. Then, he slowly turned to face me. “Let’ s pick up where we left of f,” he said. He folded his upper arms, put his lower hands on his hips, and pointed at me with the middle hand. Badigadi was looking at me. “I am Fighting God Badigadi! Friend to the Man-God, and heir to the name of fighting god! Rudeus Greyrat, I challenge you to a duel!” “I have a question!” I shouted quickly . I knew he might just tell me not to waste my breath, but I said it anyway . “Your Majesty! Why have you joined forces with the Man-God? What do you mean you’re his friend?! Were you not deceived by him once before?” “Indeed I was, boy! He tricked me saying it was to save Kishirika from dying at Laplace’ s hand! I donned this armor , then I killed Laplace,

but did Kishirika a mortal wound in the process!” “Then why?!” “The Man-God came to me on his knees to say he was sorry for that! Not only that, but he begged I lend him my strength! I could not say no after that!” The Man-God apologized? No way . That bastard would never apologize. Or if he did, he’d just smirk and be like, Tee hee, I’m sooo sorrrrry . “He’ s going to deceive you again!” “I care not! Should it be so, he need only apologize, and I will for give him! I am immortal, and Kishirika regenerated! If he apologizes, then I have no quarrel with him! What more could I ask for?” You’re too gener ous. He had a pretty good point, in my opinion. I thought you should forgive people for petty dishonesty , too. Only , I didn’ t have the luxury of writing of f the death of a family member as “petty .” I wasn’ t an immortal demon. I saw the world dif ferently . From Badigadi’ s perspective, Kishirika was always going to regenerate. “Don’ t suppose you’d betray him and come over to our side?” “Never! I was never an ally of the Dragon God. However , if you win this battle, I shall consider it!” He was telling me to fight and take what I wanted. He and Atofe were alike in this area. Come to think of it, the first time I’d met this demon king had been at a dueling arena. Had I won back then or lost? It had ended with me earning Badigadi’ s respect, in any case. That’d be why he treated me well. T o a demon king, that had to be what it meant to fight. “All right. I accept your challenge.” The thing was, Badigadi had for gotten to say “single-combat” this time. “All of us here will be your opponents.” From the bushes behind me emer ged Eris, Elinalise, Zanoba, and Dohga. Joining them came the Superd who had been guarding the rest of the ravine. It was time for all-out war .