# Capitolo 2

Pagine: 12-21

…You wouldn’ t believe how that fight went. The fearsome power of the magic sword elevated the abilities of that washed-up nobody to those of a Sword Emperor—perhaps even greater . It didn’ t matter that it was the first time he’d ever picked it up. I barely managed to defeat him, but the experience left me deeply shaken. It also left me with a question. Am I truly str ong? While I stood there, consumed by shock after the battle, that nobody swordsman said, “It’ s all your fault these parts are such a mess.” That jogged my memory . I was in that country . The one where I’d defeated the evil priest who’d seized power and the foolish despot. The priest had been evil, but it was religion that’d kept this nation stable. The king had been a tyrant, but his iron rule had preserved national unity . Things were dif ferent now . Now , these lands were known as the Conflict Zone. Once one great nation, it was now divided into a multitude of smaller countries all fighting amongst themselves. As one fell, another was born in an endless cycle. All were bogged down in a war in which not even the victors were spared. Lar ger nations went on preying upon them; people went on dying. And it was my fault. I’d decided their ruler was evil and defeated him without ever bothering to consider what anyone else thought about it. My actions had robbed these people of their peace. Acknowledging this, I was left with another question. Am I r eally a her o? For some time, I carried these questions with me. I put down the magic sword, and I gave up being a hero. In other words, the answer I arrived at for both questions was “No.” Don’ t get the wrong idea. I love heroes. I love listening to all those glorious heroic epics. I still find myself wishing I could be like them, even now. Alas, I didn’ t have a talent for heroism, but I still liked to think maybe, with just a little luck, when the right moment came… I’m sure you understand. Y ou know that people aren’ t simple like that. What I did when I gave up heroism was I stopped straining to force myself into the hero mold. After contemplating it, I traded out my sword for a staf f and focused my efforts on training others. I chose the staf f because I thought it was the best

of all weapons. It’ s simple, and you can find a staf f like this one anywhere, so it doesn’ t matter if it gets stolen, and it’ s only as good a weapon as you are a fighter . From a tactical perspective, there’ s also an advantage to a weapon that’ s a little longer than a sword. Honestly , though, anything would have done so long as it wasn’ t a magic sword. As for why I wanted to train other people, I think a lot of that might have come from…how to put it…a desire to atone for my sins? It seemed to me that I’d been horribly contemptuous of the people around me. That makes it sound like I thought of them as expendable, but it was more that I divided the world into the main character (me) and the supporting characters (everyone else). I deluded myself that I was the protagonist, which was why I found it so easy to call people evil and pass judgment on them without a thought for the consequences. It’ s mortifying to recall. Everyone is the protagonist in their own life, everyone has their own desires —just like me. Because I admired heroes so much, my deeds seemed righteous, but the truth wasn’ t so grandiose. I was no dif ferent from the rulers I’d struck down. My dream of becoming a hero was, in short, mere ambition. It was when I realized that that I started to think maybe it would be better to be a supporting character in a true hero’ s story rather than a hero in my own right. That was how it was with my father , North God Kalman. Y es, he fought alongside Dragon God Urupen and Armored Dragon King Perugius as one of the Three Godslayers, but if you think of it like a story , he wasn’ t the protagonist. He’d always be the protagonist in my eyes, of course—to me, he was a hero through and through. But my perspective wasn’ t the only one. Point being, that was why I tried putting myself in the same position as him. Though I must admit, I also thought being a mentor to a hero sounded pretty smooth… Taking on all those students turned out to be unexpectedly interesting. It gave me a glimpse into how much more there was to North God style. Things I’d never realized. Some warriors were born with physical disadvantages—some had lost their arms, some were blind since birth—but they all devised their own workarounds, carving out their own ways to win. The North God style that I had learned was what my father taught my mother . Immortal demons’ sword fighting relies on brute force, employing their immortality as much as possible, so that’ s what I thought

North God style was all about. But really , North God style was created so that those without strength or who had lost something could still survive on the battlefield. It was taking on all those students that taught me that. Aside from that, things I’d only thought I’d understood came into real focus one after another , my perspective broadened, and I won the respect of many . That respect was a little mellower than what I’d experienced when I was being held up as a hero, but for some reason, it made me happier . At the same time, though I only came to use it by avoiding anything like a magic sword, I grew proud of my staf f, my choice of weapon. I’d realized that I’d become steadfast in living my father ’s philosophy . The thought, I recall, brought tears to my eyes. After that, I became less interested in doing heroic deeds myself. All sorts of things happened after that, until I ended up in the service of Queen Ariel. In her , I saw that same quality I’d seen in Hero King Gauniss. My assessment wasn’ t wrong. I entered Ariel’ s service, then before I knew it she had assembled a group of remarkable advisors and laid a rock-solid foundation for the governance of Asura. Despite this team she had assembled, Ariel didn’ t start any wars. Instead, she set about making policies to increase national prosperity . She invested a particularly lar ge amount in magical technology and appointed young people to her ministries. When I asked her why was doing so much, even to the point that she faced opposition, her answer surprised me. She told me she was doing what she could in her lifetime to oppose Laplace when he was resurrected some decades hence. Marvelous! What a great ruler! T ruly, I could not have chosen a better master! Or so I thought. Only then I poked around some more myself and noticed the shady character scurrying around in Ariel’ s shadow . That somebody was Rudeus Greyrat. It didn’ t take me long to work out that he was a follower of the Dragon God—Ariel was happy to tell me the whole story . She said that Dragon God Orsted was supporting her . I’d heard of Dragon God Orsted’ s unsavory reputation. One person said he’d stabbed an ally of theirs through the heart without warning. Another said he’d suddenly pushed them of f a clif f. Another , that he’d

snatched the prize they were after out from under their nose. Y et another , that he’d stolen a magic item they’d just gotten their hands on. I don’ t usually pay much heed to reports from onlookers, but every story I chanced upon repeated his misdeeds. I have had the privilege of being in the presence of the individual in question on one occasion… Just one look at him struck fear into my heart. The Dragon God and the North God are sworn allies, and the bond of friendship between North God Kalman and Dragon God Urupen will never be broken. It was unthinkable that I should feel fear towards the man who bore the name of Dragon God, even as I was grateful to him. On the contrary , I wanted to nurture a friendship with this generation’ s Dragon God. Y et I felt fear . I speculated that perhaps it was a curse—a curse that made everyone who saw him fear him… It wasn’ t until later that I learned I was right, but that is a story for another time. Because of that heavy curse, this was the first time I’d encountered anyone serving him. This Rudeus Greyrat… Y ou want to know my first impression of him? W ell, all right. I thought he looked weak. There was cleverness in him too, but it was more base cunning than intelligence. He seemed trivial. After what Queen Ariel and Ghislaine had told me, I’d expected someone impressive, but in person, he was fully mundane. Despite that, he didn’ t strike me as the type of weasel you’ll often find toadying up to great warriors or people in power . The contrast between the man and the esteem he inspired intrigued me, and I wondered if he might actually turn out to be hero material. As such, when Queen Ariel sent me to be his backup, I eagerly accepted the task. Then I took part in a thrilling battle, one that featured the Abyssal King, the Ogre God, the Sword God, and my own son, North God Kalman III. It began with schemes smoldering, then exploding into open conflict… It was just like one of the battles from when I’d been trying to be a hero. Indeed, you’d be hard-pressed to find a fiery battle like that one in the modern day . It was on the level of the battles I’d fought in the past. Little did I know there was far more to it than even that. Enter the Fighting God. The ultimate being who, long, long before the Laplace W ar, had ended the Second Great Human-Demon W ar. I’d

never imagined that he’d turn out to be Uncle Badigadi, but thinking about it, it wasn’ t out of character . That musclehead was always acting like there was more to him than met the eye. My mother used to say , “Badi puts on a smart guy act but he’ s really a moron.” Isn’t it the opposite? I’d thought. Isn’t he putting on a mor on act? Don’ t people think you’r e an idiot because you get this sort of thing backwar d? But now that we’d come to this juncture, I sort of got where she was coming from. A moron pretending to be clever—yes. That was fair . In any case, back to Fighting God Badigadi. If the legends were true, he was the ultimate being, wreaking havoc during the Second Great Human-Demon W ar and entrenching his position as Number Three of the Seven Great Powers. Facing him down, I thought, I really never did have what it took to be a her o. You see, no legendary being like him had ever made an appearance in my tale. There’d been challenging opponents, of course, and others whose strength had impressed me. I’d held them in esteem. But after I picked up the magic sword, I’d never found another opponent who outclassed me. It wasn’ t until I’d set down the sword, my name, and my title, not until I’d given up on being the protagonist of my own story and committed myself to someone else’ s fight as a side character , that a legendary opponent finally appeared. Maybe Rudeus Greyrat was hero material. He probably wouldn’ t like me saying it, but that’ s what it’ s like for heroes. They encounter the enemies they’re meant to defeat. And I encountered ones destined to defeat me. “Things never turn out how you’d like…” I muttered. In my hands now wasn’ t a magic sword, but an unremarkable staf f. You couldn’ t ask for a weapon more unfit for going toe to toe with the Fighting God. It wouldn’ t even make a good scene for the heroic epic that would be written later . “Fwahahaha! Such is the nature of life and death!” “That doesn’ t carry much weight, coming from you.” “Fie! Nothing in my life has turned out as I would have liked it!” “Is that right? Please, do tell me. I’m riveted.” Back when I’d been trying to be a hero, I hadn’ t gone in for banter like this. I’d become a side

character . Even when their goal is simply to buy time, a legendary warrior strives for it as best they can. Badigadi was the W ise Demon King. Contrary to his appearance, he was very learned, and he liked to impart his knowledge to people. Saying I was interested should be enough to get him talking. Alas, it wasn’ t to be. The monkey-faced demon at his side interrupted our conversation. “We ain’ t got that sorta time. C’mon, bud, stomp this guy already and head after the boss.” I had the feeling I’d seen his face before, but I couldn’ t for the life of me remember where. I didn’ t sense any threat in the way he held himself. He didn’ t seem all that important. In his face, though, I saw extraordinary resolve. That wasn’ t so surprising, given he’d accompanied the Fighting God into battle. “Fwahahaha! V ery well! But this fellow here, he’ s a former hero and he’s got an ardent following across the world. Y ou can’ t just treat him like riff-raff.” “I know that, jeez. Only I know another thing too, pal. The chances of North God Kalman II beating Fighting God Badigadi in this fight? They’re pretty close to zilch.” “Oho! Zilch, is it?” “Look, I know how this goes. The silver -tongued North God’ s gonna have you twisted round his little finger if you let him talk.” “Fwahahaha! Never in my wildest dreams would be taken in by the likes of Alex!” “Big talk from a guy what got taken in by the likes of me.” “There’ s no ‘likes of ’ about it. I’d take you and your resolve a thousand times over a wishy-washy good-for -naught who ran around kicking up a fuss about how he was going to be a hero until he ran into a setback, dropped the idea, and settled for a bit part.” The Fighting God turned back to me. My plan had failed… It hurt a little that Uncle Badi thought of me as a “good-for -naught,” I admit. I liked to think I’d put some consideration into where I was now .

But more importantly , perhaps this meant that the monkey-faced demon had made a serious ef fort to woo my uncle. That must be Geese. I’d better watch out for him. He was the man Rudeus Greyrat had been hunting for, after all. “Fwahaha! Then prepare yourself!” Suddenly , the golden armor lurched toward me with ferocious power . I hadn’ t felt such raw might since I faced of f against the King Dragon Blade Kajakut—back before I had the magic sword. This could well be my final fight. I might have been wanting for strength, but life was giving me a worthy rival. It was time to fight and let fate decide who I was. “Come on then!” I bellowed, facing down Badigadi. “I, Alex R ybak, North God Kalman II, shall be your opponent!” *** Have you ever been chewed up and tossed out again like an old rag in the span of five minutes? And to add insult to injury , ever had it happen when you’ve reached a venerable sort of age and been renowned as a teacher? I have. Right now , in fact. Fighting God Badigadi was strong. This was my old uncle who, every now and then, liked to drop cryptic comments with an air of significance about his past and skills; I never thought he would be this tough. The only thing I’d thought when I’d sparred with him in the past was that he might be a demon king, but I assumed he was nothing to my mother . Yet now , in a few blows, he’d snapped my staf f in two and beaten me to a pulp. I’d been confident in my skill with both my staff and my fists, but he’d thrashed me as though the skills I’d honed over the past hundred years counted for nothing at all. This was the power of the Fighting God. At first glance, you might think he’d simply augmented his strength and speed. Exchanging blows with him revealed the unbelievable degree to which the armor had improved his defenses. Badigadi wouldn’ t be a force to challenge me with

your average boosted armor . I could have taken him down empty-handed, whereas he’d never rival me under similar conditions. Thinking about it, that wasn’ t a surprise. Armor exists to protect you, as does defensive technique. Putting on a suit of armor that enhanced your abilities would enhance that too. Add an insurmountable gap in fundamental power and speed on top of that, and your opponent’ s in a real fix. It’ s like a mouse trying to kill a dragon. The dragon might die from some poison or disease carried by the mouse, but alas, the person inside that armor now was more resistant to such things than anyone alive. Immortal demons don’ t die. Poison af fects them, and they can fall ill, but neither will lead to death for an immortal demon. I had no means of doing harm to the Fighting God’ s Armor . I was up the creek without a paddle. If I had a magic sword…if I’d had the King Dragon Blade Kajakut, there was so much power wrapped up in that sword that with it, I could have done something. But as I see it, a true hero is one who uses their wits when they aren’ t strong enough. Not that I was the sharpest fellow . The blood of the infamous immortal demon king Atoferatofe flowed through my veins, so there was no chance of that. I had moments of ingenuity , but when push came to shove, I went to brute force. It was no wonder I ended up dependent on my magic sword and robbing people of peace. But that wouldn’ t pass muster this time. I had to do something…but I was at a loss. Our Father who art in heaven, grant me wisdom . “Yaaaar gh!” Just then, I heard a familiar , female voice—my mother . There was Immortal Demon King Atoferatofe, standing a little way above the rest of us, and she wasn’ t alone. In the distance, I could see the hulking figure of the Ogre God. Somehow , I also sensed that the others were hurrying to the scene. “Come on, we should fall back and—” I started to say , then stopped. The others were one thing, but my mother wouldn’ t be stopped now that she’d heard the enemy was attacking. The Ogre God, who made protecting this area his life’ s mission, would join her . If Atofe and the Ogre God

started to fight, it’d be a bad look if I didn’ t join them. As far as fighting power goes, the three of us were among the greatest alive, if I do say so myself. “Whoa!” Just then, something heavy came crashing down in front of me—a woman. Though…somehow , there was something a bit embarrassing about calling her a woman. Even if it were accurate. “Mwaaahahahahaha!” It was Mother . Immortal Demon King Atoferatofe had arrived, swooping down with calculated drama. “I’ll back you up,” she said. As a rule, you couldn’ t go asking for all the reasons why my mother did what she did. Immortal Demons as a species were all about acting on the spur of the moment, according to their own peculiar rules. “Fwahaha! Sister mine, this scoundrel just challenged me to single combat! W ould you interfere in a duel between demon king and champion?!” One of those peculiar rules was: Single-combat is to be observed without interference. “Eh? Is that true?” she demanded. “What? I never said that it was.” Lying through your teeth is another of the skills fostered in North God Style. “He says he never said it!” “Fwahahahaha! Y ou really are a moron, sister mine!” “Screw you! I’m no moron!” Even if this hadn’ t been single combat, it wasn’ t like my mother to offer backup to anyone. Perhaps to her , the fact that we were fighting a demon king made our side the champion’ s party . If that were so, this was unusual. Her demon king role was a point of pride for her , one that she placed a lot of importance on. She’d rarely ever stepped away from that role until now . Maybe acting like Rudeus’ s familiar had wrought some change within her . Either that, or she had some history with the Fighting God Armor .

“Sandor!” The rest of the team had caught up. There was Master Rudeus and Miss Eris, Master Clif f, and Miss Elinalise, and even Guard Captain Moore. That was heartening. Although it made my heart swell, I had to wonder if it would be enough for a chance at victory… Ah, well. Nothing for it but to try . “Master Rudeus…” “Fall back and get healed up! W e’ll hold him here!” Oh no, I thought. Rudeus was too focused on what was right in front of him. He was probably thinking that the arch-nemesis he’d been pursuing all this time had shown up out of the blue and looked ready to fight. W e’d been caught of f guard, but we were rallying. He couldn’ t have been more wrong. But he wasn’ t going to listen if I recommended we retreat now . Without a plan, if we retreated here we’d be stuck. I didn’ t have any idea what an adequate plan might look like. Which meant we really did have to do this now . It wasn’ t that it was a bad idea on Master Rudeus’ s part, not by any means. I only saw it because of the fight I’d just gone through: W ith the might we had now , we couldn’ t beat Fighting God Badigadi. *** Our battle with Badigadi began with me submer ged in the ocean up to my waist. Engaging him at close range were my mother and the Ogre God, as well as Miss Eris and Master Ruijerd. After Master Clif f cast a healing spell on me, I supported them from a distance. Against such a deadly enemy , we needed to keep the full situation in mind. Badigadi took on all four of them with Geese still riding on his shoulder . Even burdened by Geese, Badigadi handled his opponents as though they were toddlers.