# Capitolo 11

Pagine: 100-109

In case you’re interested, the Fighting God’ s rank didn’ t change in the last battle. Orsted said that it wouldn’ t change unless the Fighting God Armor was totally annihilated. I turned my gaze away from the fired-up and antsy Alec toward Orsted. “Sir Orsted, ah…how are you feeling these days?” I asked. He had been listening in silence to our conversation. “Not bad. Using a little mana doesn’ t worsen things especially , anyway .” Orsted had used mana in the last fight, and a lot of it. He said it had taken about half of his total. The fight had looked like an easy victory from where I was standing, and given he’d finished with full HP and only used half his MP , you couldn’ t say it hadn’ t been. Things looked dif ferent when he couldn’ t recover any of that MP , though. He had used the mana he’d been saving for Laplace and the Man-God. W e’d won, but the Man-God had satisfied one of his own victory conditions. W ould it still count as a victory for us? “Our allies are more numerous and our enemies fewer . I will have still less reason for using magic from here on out.” Orsted didn’ t seem bothered by it. Maybe he was trying to be optimistic. “I sure hope so,” I said. “Even if it does not turn out so, this time was dif ferent to all that came before. Thus, we need only continue along a dif ferent path to before. I am already resolved to that.” Orsted was counting on me. Even if he used up the mana he was keeping for Laplace and the Man-God, it didn’ t matter to him because I was fighting alongside him. It seemed that to him, this had been a perfect victory . If he thought it was a win, it was. T o be sure, there had been hardly any deaths—the Ogre God, several Superd, and several of Atofe’ s personal guard. That was the extent of the casualties. Orsted’ s mana was the only area where I felt like we’d been defeated.

“Oh, yes. What did you need me for?” “I will be returning to Sharia.” “Understood. I was thinking about going back myself… Oh, but I didn’ t think the of fice had been rebuilt yet?” “No matter . There will be somewhere I can sleep.” The basement with the teleportation circles had been dug out to a bare minimum with earth magic, but with the restoration work continuing, it would need to be expanded. I also had to come up with a countermeasure to stop something like the Ogre God’ s destructive rampage from happening to it again. Admittedly , I was fresh out of good ideas on that score. It might be better to not have magic circles for any nations outside the principle ones. It was shocking that I’d never considered the possibility of an enemy using them to break in before. “But first, I will go and see him one last time.” Oh. Him. “I’ll accompany you,” I said. *** That night, Orsted and I went to the Ravine of the Earthwyrm—to the bottom of the ravine. W e went down the level path surrounded by blue mushrooms and lichen, to a little hole carved so it was concealed in the wall. It was about a meter tall; due to its slight curvature, it looked from the outside like it ran straight into a dead end. If you followed it ten meters or so down, it let out into a lar ge cavern. In the cavern was a vast, glowing magic circle with a sword at its center . Maybe vast was overstating it. It was five meters in radius at most. W ithin it lay a reclining man. “So, you have come.” It was Fighting God Badigadi. His body had been split into five pieces, each of which was sealed in a dif ferent location in the ravine. His main body was here. This barrier couldn’ t be broken unless the other four seals were broken first. It operated using the mana from Badigadi’ s own

body and was amplified—and therefore, sustained—by the King Dragon Blade and the Fighting God Armor . It would go on operating almost in perpetuity . It was a custom-made barrier magic circle, a Perugius specialty . It was Divine-tier barrier magic, created to seal the Demon God. The sealed subject served as the medium and the magical implements as vectors, and the more powerful each were, the stronger the barrier became. This one used both the Fighting God Armor and the King Dragon Blade, meaning the barrier it generated was so powerful that even Orsted would be helpless to escape it. Using two Divine-tier pieces of equipment as one part of a barrier might have been overdoing it a tad. But that equipment was far more formidable in the hands of our enemies than used by us. Given that just the other day our enemies had used our teleportation circles against us, this wasn’ t out of proportion to the threat. As long as the seal on Badigadi remained intact, it ef fectively rendered the Magic Armor and King Dragon Blade sealed as well. If anyone broke through this, we might as well just give up there and then. That was the reasoning. Orsted had gone to Perugius to request the base for the barrier . He had bowed his head and asked Perugius for his aid, and Perugius had agreed. It wasn’ t just about the barrier: Perugius was Orsted’ s ally now . They were joined by a bond of fellowship. But Orsted would later have to kill Perugius. He had chosen the path of betrayal. I was indebted to Perugius and Orsted both, so my personal feelings about it were complicated. I knew that Orsted hadn’ t wanted to do it this way. That he had chosen it anyway meant that it wasn’ t for me to say anything about it. If only , I thought, there was a way to get to the Man-God without using the Dragon T ribe’s sacred treasures, but I knew it wasn’ t a problem you could solve with wishes and a little time in a library . Ah, well. Maybe it wasn’ t something I ought to be thinking about. I had the guy in front of me to worry about right now . “I am terribly sorry , Your Majesty , but as you’re a disciple of the Man-God, we had no choice.” “I am cramped,” Badigadi said pompously as he lay there like a reclining Buddha. “I should like a little more freedom of movement.”

I had my own relationship with jail cells, but I think even I would have found the sealed barrier cramped. Having said that, I hated the idea of killing him. Kishirika had also asked us not to. “I really am sorry , but this is as much as I can do.” “Humph. Then so it must be!” Badigadi said, adding a little fwahaha of laughter . He had two arms, and his body was smaller than it had been before. That was the result of the seal. “Now! What brings you here, pray tell? I assume you have not come to drink and make merry while basking in my sultry allure?” “Sir Orsted has something to speak with you about,” I said, then stepped aside for Orsted. “Demon King Badigadi,” he intoned. “Good evening to you, Master Dragon God. And how may I be of assistance?” “Leave the Man-God and submit to me.” For a moment, Badigadi gaped at him. But then, he burst out in raucous laughter . “Fwahahahahahaha!” It echoed around the cavern. “The pariah of the dragon tribe dares command me, an immortal demon, to bow down to him?” “There was a time when we were enemies, but you are a friend of Rudeus’ s. Alex, Alexander , and Atofe have all allied themselves with me. There is surely room for you to consider it.” “There is not!” Badigadi said defiantly . “But why , Great-Uncle?” Alec, who had been standing near the entrance to the cavern, stepped forward. “Y ou’re defeated, are you not? In accordance with the laws of the immortal demons—” “Alec, do not misunderstand. That is not a rule across all of immortal demonkind. It is an Atofe rule.” ““Have you pledged your loyalty to the Man-God then, Great- Uncle?”

“I have not.” Badigadi sat up and shook his head. Then he folded his only pair of arms and crossed his legs. “I was not one for fighting, originally . What I liked was to travel, to drink and be merry , seducing passing women, bedding them, on occasion. T aking a beating from a jilted fiancé, making friends and drinking, laughing, and singing, then looking around at the worn-out faces, sleeping and satisfied. The Man-God came to me, head bowed, and asked me to fight, and so I did. That is all it was. ‘I want you to kill Dragon God Orsted and Rudeus Greyrat, no matter what,’ he said. ‘Who do you have to thank that you and Kishirika are alive in the same era?’ he said. And he asked me to remember four thousand two hundred years back and repay the debt I owed him. As a result, I agreed to help him this one time.” He paused for a moment. “That one time has passed. Now , I ally myself to no one! If my choice is to fight or to be sealed in this place, then I choose to remain sealed.” That made me think that maybe we could let him go. Though he was still a disciple of the Man-God, so we couldn’ t just blindly let him loose after nothing more than a bout of smooth talk. “Either way ,” Badigadi went on, grinning at me as I pondered, “You’ll release me when your fight against the Man-God concludes, will you not?” “Yes,” Orsted said. I looked at him, and that’ s when I realized. It wouldn’ t happen during my lifetime, but if Orsted won his battle with the Man-God, there’d be no need to keep Badigadi chained up any longer . “It will be a hundred years hence.” “Not so soon then. I shall be patient,” Badigadi said, then lay back down. W ith a nod, Orsted turned to leave. It looked like the discussion was over. That was quick. “Your Majesty , I…I know this might not be the best circumstances to say it, but I wanted to thank you for everything at the Magic University .” “Listen well, Rudeus. This may be the last time we meet, so I shall say it now: congratulations.” “Congra…tulations?”

“You were victorious, thus, I congratulate you.” “I’m not sure if I was, though…” That was exactly what I was worried about. In the end, Orsted had used his mana. I’d slipped up at the very last moment. But Badigadi didn’ t mention that. “You have given the Man-God a taste of defeat.” “I gave him…what?” “You have made him think that, no matter what he might try , he cannot kill you. He has lost all will to try . Indeed, it is hard to describe how he looked when I saw him last, except that he looked the very image of defeat. What else to call the one who fought him but victorious?” “Is that really true?” I asked. “You need only take of f that bracelet and pay him a visit yourself to verify it.” He pointed at me, and my hand unconsciously went to cover the bracelet. “I…don’ t think I will, thanks.” “No? W ell. As you like it!” I wasn’ t falling for that one. I never wanted to see the Man-God again, though he had seemed pretty desperate when I’d last seen him at the bottom of the ravine. Maybe he really had taken this last battle as a heavy defeat. I still didn’ t trust Badigadi when he said the Man-God had lost the will to try any more, though. “Is that all?” “Yes, from me, at least.” “Then keep yourself well, Rudeus.” I turned and followed after Orsted. As I did so, Alec ran forward, looking anguished. “Great-Uncle…I…” “Listen well, young Alexander . If you seek to be a hero, find your true foe. That was something your father never did. Y ou will surpass him when you strike down that foe.”

“Thank you,” Alec replied, and he, too, turned to leave. This would probably be my final farewell to Badigadi in this life. Nothing stopped me from dropping by once a year or so, but talking to him I might weaken and end up breaking the seal. Better not to come at all. I hadn’ t told any of the others from the Magic University that Badigadi was sealed here either . Only five people knew: me, Orsted, Ruijerd, Alec, and Perugius. W e’d already decided that Ruijerd would watch from the village to make sure no one visited the ravine. Not many could make it to the bottom of the ravine or make it back up again. And a hundred years shouldn’ t be long enough for the seal to spontaneously fail. And then— “Rudeus, the entrance.” “Understood.” I would fill in the narrow entrance. Anyone who came after would have to dig it out if they wanted to find it again. This was goodbye. At the end, ever so faintly , I thought I heard Badigadi’ s voice. “May it be that your curse is lifted, young Dragon God.” *** Early the next morning, before the sun rose, I returned to Sharia. Between the new of fice currently under construction and rubble left from the old, there was a makeshift accommodation where Zanoba—our acting director of construction—and the others were sleeping all packed together . Zanoba! He’d been a big help, too. I hoped we could go on being the sort of friends who always had each other ’s backs. “Goodbye, Rudeus,” he ushered me onward. “Until next time.” The same went for Orsted. On the outskirts of the town, we parted ways. I walked on through the streets in the morning mist. I was carrying presents from the Biheiril Kingdom—lar gely soy sauce. So long as I had this soy sauce, I’d never be at a loss for what to eat again. Soy sauce goes with everything.

Well, everything might be an overstatement. I looked around. Sharia was just as I remembered it. The people were the same—farmers heading of f to their fields, adventurers training in inn courtyards, and a man in a robe who might have been a professor at the university . Snowdrifts lined the road I walked on as I passed each traveler , heading toward home. I went through the central square to the residential district. Seeing it made me feel somehow nostalgic. It was a street I walked down practically every day , and yet seeing it felt like I was coming home for the first time in my life. From the street, I turned down a back alley . This alley , too narrow for carts, provided a tiny shortcut that I’d used often. Coming out of the alley , I could see my house. Byt was coiled tightly around the gatepost and opened the gate for me as I drew closer . I passed the garden and the slightly neglected garden. Dillo the armadillo spotted me and came to rub himself against my legs. I crouched down to rub his head, at which he rolled over to show me his belly . As I rubbed his tummy , he purred happily . He was a cute little guy . Then, I heard a loud noise from the entrance to the house. “Dada!” A little girl with hair the same color as mine came running out. It was Lucie. She came sprinting over like she was going to tackle me around the knees, so I crouched down to meet her . With a sizable thud, a ball of softness and warmth threw itself into my arms. This was unusual— she was always hiding behind Sylphie. “I’m home, Lucie.” “Welcome back,” she said eventually . “Have you been a good girl?” “Yes! I’ve been looking after Lara and Arus and Sieg!” “Have you really? Y ou’re a real big sister now , aren’ t you?” I said. Lucie’ s arms squeezed even tighter around me, spurring me to pick her up. I walked up to the house with her in my arms. From inside came a smell that somehow put me at ease—the familiar smell that hung around our house. Since we’d first bought this house, the number of inhabitants had increased. As we’d lived in it, it had changed, but I was so used to it that I didn’ t notice how it smelled. But now , coming back after a long time away , and

from a brush with death, no less, I felt all the tension drain out of me. My heart was at ease. It was a smell that let me know I was home. “Hello, Lilia. Hello, Mother .” As I stood filling my lungs with the smell of home, I saw Lilia and Zenith in front of the stairs. Lilia bowed deeply when she saw me. “W elcome home, Master .” “Thank you for looking after the house while I was gone, Lilia.” “Not at all, Master . I’m so glad to see you safely home.” “It will be a little longer before Norn and Aisha come back.” “Thank you for letting me know . Oh, but I am glad you’re safe… When the Dragon God’ s residence on the outskirts of the city was attacked, I was beside myself with worry . I am so glad, so very glad…” Lilia made normal conversation for a while, but it wasn’ t long before she put her hand to her mouth as though she couldn’ t hold it back any longer . Her shoulders shook. She started weeping. “I’m sorry I made you worry…” I’d had no means of contacting her , so there was nothing I could have done. It did make sense that, after the company I was working for was crushed by a rival company , she would have been beside herself. And in truth, things could easily have turned out as she’d feared. And not only for me; any of the others might have failed to come back from that fight. I had done everything I could to ensure everyone did come home, but it was a miracle that none of the people I cared most about had died. On the other hand, I couldn’ t honestly say that I could stop anything like this from happening again. “There shouldn’ t be another big battle like this one for a while, so please, don’ t worry anymore.” “That’ s good,” Lilia said. “I’m so very sorry you had to see me go to pieces like this.” I realized that Zenith was rubbing Lilia’ s back. Had I made Zenith worry too? She seemed to have lost her negative emotions, but I thought she’d at least worry about me. She was that sort of person.

Anyway .