# Capitolo 4

Pagine: 33-37

threshold. If you hit it with the strongest Stone Cannon you can cast, it might get through.” Orsted knew a lot. And he was being talkative for a change. Right, okay . So Stone Cannon would have been a more ef fective choice than Lightning. I’d messed that up, though I didn’ t know that at the time. “Who was wearing it last time you fought it?” I asked. “One of the Sea Merfolk. They ran out of mana and died quickly .” “Were there any others?” “I have donned it myself several times. I have also seen one human wear it, and one demon.” Wow. I guess if he hadn’ t tried it, he wouldn’ t know all those details. “Okay , so to get specific, how do I beat it?” Orsted was silent for a moment, then said, “I do not know .” “You don’ t?” “When you wear the Fighting God Armor , you feel neither weariness nor pain. Y ou are always fighting at your full potential. However , you are only ever moving it under your own physical power , and it has no ability to heal the wearer if they are wounded. Thus, if you have a way to damage it, a battle of attrition may prove ef fective. However…” However , that was impossible against Badigadi. The Fighting God Armor kept going until the wearer died. And Badigadi was immortal. W e had a perpetual motion machine on our hands. “How did Laplace defeat it?” “He hit it with an enormous output of magic that overshot its threshold, temporarily annihilating the wearer and separating them from the armor . It created a great rift in the continent that became the Ringus Sea.” “Oh.” So it was possible to do damage to it with a strong-enough attack. Badigadi would just regenerate afterward, instead of dying, but that did give me one idea…

“I heard the wearer back then died,” Orsted remarked. “I imagine it must have been Badigadi all along.” “You didn’ t know?” “They say even Laplace didn’ t know who wore the armor during that battle. I heard they’d died and had no interest in finding out more. The Fighting God has never challenged me as an enemy like this before.” “Did you…did you hear that from Laplace himself, in a past loop?” “Yes. That, and that I am the son of the first Dragon God, and that first Dragon God was the one to lay this curse upon me.” “And yet you have to kill Laplace.” “Correct. T o reach the Man-God, I must kill the five Dragon Generals and retrieve the sacred treasures.” I fell silent. This had to be the first time I’d heard him say it flat out: he had to kill the Dragon Generals. So that was the deal. W e couldn’ t count on Perugius to send reinforcements, then. I wouldn’ t want to ask for aid from someone I planned to stab in the back later . Continuing this line of question now wasn’ t going to do me any good. “That’ s an unpleasant subject for you, I expect,” Orsted said. “Um, well…” Focus on what’ s in fr ont of us. First up: Badigadi. The Man-God acted based on what he saw in his own future. A free- spirited and rambunctious pawn like Badigadi would be tricky for him to control. Maybe this unpredictability was the Man-God’ s true trump card, though? I’d just seen the Man-God for the first time in a long time, and he looked pretty haggard, like he was stuck in a tough spot. Fighting God Badigadi… If Badigadi had been the Man-God’ s disciple all along, I didn’ t know why the Man-God hadn’ t made use of him in any previous loops. Let’s assume that this time, we’d dragged it out of him. If it didn’ t happen in a previous loop, then odds were that the Man-God was reacting directly to me. “What are you going to do?” “I’ll fight. There’ s nowhere to run.”

“Very well. I shall join you. I have never fought this particular battle before, but I surely cannot lose,” Orsted said, then stood up. I moved to discourage him. “Please, not so fast.” Orsted sat back down. I couldn’ t see his face behind the helmet, but I knew he looked indignant. “Sir Orsted, if you use up your mana, we might as well have lost. We’ll have wasted all the good progress we’ve made.” “We also lose if you die here. A waste of good progress, as you say .” “True…” Should we seize the day today , or tomorrow? W e’d fought our way this far . I at least wanted to stick it out until it really seemed like all was lost. “Even if you do have to fight, I can at least soften the Fighting God up for you first,” I suggested. “You’ll die.” “Then take care of my family for me.” I didn’ t want to die. I wanted to live and go home. But this, I was sure, was where everything came to a head. The Fighting God was Geese and the Man-God’ s final play . The Man- God might have something else up his sleeve, but we’d taken down the Abyssal King, the North God, and the Ogre God. His final disciple was out in the open. All his down cards were flipped. It’d have to hurt if we took the Fighting God out too. I had to stick it out, fight, and win. “Very well. But when you see you cannot win, you must not hesitate before retreating. Am I clear?” “Thank you.” I bowed, then stood up. “Also…any word from Roxy?” “Not yet.” “All right. If you hear anything, please let me know . Right away .” Orsted nodded, then I left the house. Outside, the warriors were waiting for me: Eris, her eyes sharp and aura savage. Ruijerd, with his air of serenity . Clif f, a little worked up, nervous, and with fear in his eyes. Elinalise, watching Clif f with a

protective look. Dohga, who’d heard that Sandor had fallen and seemed ready to cry . Zanoba, who was dressed in the Superd’ s traditional garments after losing everything he had on him in the last battle. And finally , the Superd warriors, here to protect their village. This was our lineup, and to be honest, it didn’ t fill me with confidence. The gap left by Sandor , Atofe, and the Ogre God was massive. They were all on par with the Seven Great Powers, a class—even two classes—above our current members. Still, Dohga and Zanoba were a good substitute for the Ogre God, and they were still here. Badigadi favored close combat. Not a bad match up…except for how they had lost to the Ogre God, too. W e were well- matched in power if you considered each of us individually and together— theoretically—but I wasn’ t sure how much that would matter . Not all our cards ar e losers, that’ s what it meant: no more, no less. Still, we might be able to hold the Fighting God of f for a day or two. The chances of my trump card making it back before our bodies gave out weren’ t good. Even if it did arrive, it was no guarantee of victory . I might just end up killing my allies for no reason. “Let’ s go.” Even so, this was it. I had a plan, but the odds were all against me. I had no proof I’d read things correctly . I might have just enough time to set a trap, but we wouldn’ t win against this opponent with parlor tricks. No one said anything else. They just followed me. W e were going into battle with the Fighting God.

Chapter 2: The T rump Card IT TOOK A FULL DAY for the Fighting God to appear . We had Atofe and the others to thank for that; they’d held him back. But they hadn’ t come back. I doubted an immortal demon could die that easily , but Atofe must have taken enough damage to prevent her from pursuing the Fighting God. All the same, thanks to their sacrifice, we were fully prepared. The Fighting God came directly . He didn’ t try to hide or to rush. He just strolled on in, Geese on his shoulder , as if to declare nothing could stop him. *** We commenced hostilities near the entrance to the forest. I stood on top of a towering wall, about ten meters high and two kilometers long, that I’d built to protect the forest. From up there, I rained magic down on what lay below—Stone Cannons, specifically . I wanted to at least knock Geese down, so I fired of f as many shots as I could. The Eye of Distant Sight didn’ t work against Badigadi. Orsted said even he didn’ t know why , but it was probably safe to assume Badigadi was a Blessed Child with that power , or else that he’d done something in the past that had given him resistance to Demon Eyes. He was far away , but you couldn’ t miss the gold, and I’d been practicing Stone Cannon ever since I was born into this world. My hits were landing. For every ten shots I fired, one hit. Only , even at this distance, I could tell they weren’ t doing much damage. When I got a direct hit, a hole opened in the gold armor , but it repaired itself straight away . I wasn’ t piercing it, and I wasn’ t slowing him down. The Fighting God walked towards us without even bothering to defend himself. My firepower must have been weakened by the distance. I had no choice but to hit him at point- blank range if I wanted to really get to him.