# Capitolo 10

Pagine: 90-99

situation. They were close to the border . If the fighting had already begun, they wouldn’ t get there in time, and there wouldn’ t be much they could do. She concluded that, as there was a strong possibility that Geese might flee the scene, they would work on getting the teleportation circles running again—in other words, restoring infrastructure. The trouble was that in addition to the teleportation circles, all the magic circles back at the of fice that corresponded to the spare magic circles she had on her had been destroyed. There was nothing she could do. I’d have given up there, in her shoes. I mean, I did give up. But see, Aisha had a brainwave. Her genius brain remembered that a certain individual had a secret technique. This technique allowed one to draw a new magic circle corresponding to a teleportation circle whose pair had been destroyed, and thereby travel to where you wanted to go. The individual in question…c’mon, you know the answer . It was none other than Armored Dragon King Perugius Dola. To request his aid, Aisha had hunted down a monument to the Seven Great Powers that stood near the border . When she found it, she used Perugius’ s flute to travel to the floating fortress. Perugius, knowing that we wanted to help demons, was reluctant, but something about Aisha convinced him. “I’ll link up one for you,” he said. Aisha chose to link the magic circle near the border with the teleportation circle that led to the Superd V illage. And so, here we were. “I’m impressed you got Lord Perugius to agree.” “Yeah, he really didn’ t want to. But then I told him Orsted would owe him a favor for this battle and he softened up.” After that, while I was busy fighting, she’d traveled to the Superd Village. After hearing what was going on, she used the teleportation circle to evacuate the residents and others to the town near the border… It was a close one. If Roxy , after returning to Sharia, had prioritized the ordinary

teleportation circles rather than summoning the Magic Armor V ersion Zero, it would all have been for nothing. Luckily enough, Aisha had ended up covering Roxy’ s mistake. It was just how the cards had fallen. Roxy was still mortified about it. “Around here?” “Yeah, just chop ’em all down. Better to make more space than less, right?” “Fair enough. I’m on it.” “Call me when you’re done, okay? I’ll get the mercenaries to cart the wood away .” “Yes, sir .” It had been a month since the battle. I’d stayed on alert, ready to fight, but the next battle never came. There wouldn’ t be another one. So, I’d had Roxy , Sylphie, Zanoba, and everyone else head back to Sharia. Eris was also kind enough to accompany their party under the title of “bodyguard.” The magic circle for summoning the V ersion Zero and the one used in the evacuation had both been destroyed in Orsted’ s battle with Alec, so I’d asked Perugius to send a decent portion of the party back again. Those who returned would work on rebuilding the of fice and restoring the communication tablets and teleportation circles. Apparently , nothing had happened in Sharia. Even the elf girl was safe and sound. The worst of the damage was that the weapons and armor kept under the of fice were buried, along with the detailed documents Orsted had written out every day . The evacuated Superd villagers connected back up with the magic circle in the Second City of Irelil and returned from near the border . After that, the Biheiril Kingdom of ficially welcomed the Superd. The kingdom was happy to accept them as citizens. It probably helped that after losing the Third City and the Ogre God, they weren’ t in a position to say no. They did set one condition, which was that to facilitate taking the Superd into the country , a minimum of three Superd be sent from the village to serve the kingdom. This was how it had been when establishing peace with the ogres, reportedly . Those three envoys had been chosen and were now working

toward restoring the village. If the restoration continued without any problems, the Superd would have a home in the Biheiril Kingdom before long. We had defeated the disciples and made the Superd, the ogres, and the Biheiril Kingdom our allies. W e’d won. But could this really be called victory? “Master Rudeus.” “Oh, Sandor .” While cutting down trees, lost in my thoughts, Sandor appeared behind me. He wasn’ t alone, either . Ghislaine, Isolde, and Dohga were with him. Sandor had come back around ten days after the battle ended. Not only had the Fighting God dealt him a mortal wound, he’d also been thrown into the ocean. He somehow managed to drift to Ogre Island, where he took some time to recover . It was impressive that he’d taken on the Fighting God and made it back alive. Only , when I saw him again, he looked uncomfortable. I guess maybe, when you went by the name of North God Kalman, losing in and of itself was an embarrassment. Or wait, maybe it had nothing to do with that, and he was embarrassed because he’d been acting like such a big shot all the time… “Hey . What do you need?” “Oh, nothing—we’re planning on returning to Asura soon, you see. So we came to say our farewells.” “Ah. Right.” Their work here was over . They were Ariel’ s subjects at the end of the day , so if there was no fighting to be done, they had to go home. “Sandor , thank you,” I said. “W e’d never have made it this far if not for you.” “Please, it’ s Queen Ariel you owe your thanks to.” “Sure thing. Please tell Her Majesty to let me know right away if she ever runs into trouble. T ell her I won’ t hesitate to help.” “Very well.”

Sandor , Dohga, Ghislaine, and Isolde. Each of them was at least a King-tier sword fighter . I couldn’ t thank Ariel enough for sending me such a powerful lineup. “Thank you too, Ghislaine.” “Don’ t thank me. By the way…I’m thinking I’ll come pay a visit to the grave.” “Understood. I’ll be waiting.” Ghislaine left it at that. “And you, Dohga. I’d have died after falling into the ravine if you hadn’ t been there, so thank you.” “Uh-huh.” “If you ever have a personal favor I can do for you, please let me know . I want to pay you back for saving my life.” “Uh-huh!” All Dohga said was “Uh-huh,” but he seemed a little sad to be parting. “And thank you, Isolde. If you hadn’ t stood between me and the Fighting God, I’d be dead.” “Not at all! It was a highly educational battle. I should be thanking you.” Isolde bowed gracefully , then grinned. From her face to the way she held herself, she was as beautiful as ever . It made me wonder what the men of Asura were thinking if this woman were still single. “And please give my best to the medical team,” I said. “I will. If that is all…we will take our leave.” Sandor bowed, then turned. As he did so, however , I remembered something I’d for gotten to say and called it out after his back. “About Lady Atofe—I’m sorry .” Sandor had come back, but he was the only one. Atofe was still missing. She must have been swept away by the ocean. She wouldn’ t be found for centuries, and the same was true for Moore.

“You needn’ t worry about my mother ,” Sandor said at last. “One of these days she’ll pop up where you least expect it. It’ s the Ogre God I really feel bad for .” “Yes… T rue.” The Ogre God had been confirmed dead. He had fought well against the Fighting God, but he wasn’ t an immortal demon. In the end, his strength had failed, and he had died. And after we’d managed to reconcile. It really was too bad. “Still, it does no good to lament the dead.” “I agree. W e have to look forward.” I’d made the Ogre God a promise. If he died, I would protect the surviving ogres. They weren’ t in any danger at the moment, but even if it was only a promise, I wanted to keep my word if a threat reared its ugly head. “Farewell, then,” Sandor said. “Yes. Thank you for everything.” “Ah, one more thing… W atch out for Alec for me.” At length, I said, “I will.” Sandor left. No sooner had he gone than I saw Clif f walking up. Elinalise was with him. “Rudeus.” “Clif f.” “Are they going home, too?” “They are. Are you leaving as well, Clif f?” “Yeah. Seeing as everything seems to have wrapped up… W e never did get to the bottom of what caused the plague, but seeing as a month has passed without any further outbreaks, and they’ve changed where they live…I’m going home, for now .” I was just as indebted to Clif f as the others. W e couldn’ t have cured the plague without him…even if it was technically the work of the Abyssal King rather than a true plague.

“Thank you, Clif f. I don’ t know what would have happened if you hadn’ t come…” “It’s you we’re talking about. I’m sure you’d have worked something out yourself. Call me if there’ s another outbreak.” “I will… Clif f, I’ve done nothing but rely on you. I don’ t even know to best thank you.” “I can only leave Lise and Clyde to go do my best work in Millis because your family are there to look after them in Sharia. It’ s mutual, Rudeus.” It was kind of him to say that. “Anyway , I’ll be seeing you… Oh, but first, I plan on stopping of f at your house on the way home. Anything you want me to pass on?” “Tell them I’ll be home really soon.” “Got it,” Clif f said. They left with that. Elinalise shot me a wink before she took of f after Cliff. She’d helped out plenty too, but I hadn’ t been able to say anything to her…but then, she was a neighbor . I could show my thanks through actions. I really had received a lot help this time. T ake Clif f: without him, the Superd might have been wiped out by the plague. W ithout Sandor and Dohga, I wouldn’ t be standing here. Atofe’ s timing had been utterly godly . First the Atofe Hand, then that perfectly timed attack on Ogre Island. Y ou could say I owed my life to her as well. Leaving her missing felt so ungrateful that, once things had settled down, I wanted to go out to sea and search for her . The fight ended, and everyone went home. It was an empty feeling, like when a big event wraps up and everyone drifts away from it. “All right.” I’d finished clearing the trees during my musing. Before me spread a pristine stretch of land. After pulling the trees out by their roots, I’d piled them up neatly using earth magic. A job well done, if I do say so myself. “Cool, so now Aisha will… Oh?” I turned around just as Ruijerd and Norn came walking up.

“There you are, Big Brother .” “Norn! Perfect timing. Could I get you to go and tell Aisha that I’m done clearing the trees?” “Yes, of course,” Norn replied. She turned at once and ran back toward the village. Ruijerd drew closer . “Rudeus.” “Ruijerd.” “Sorry to put you through all this.” “Hey now ,” I shot back, “we promised not to talk like that, Mister .” “I made no such promise.” “No, I guess you didn’ t.” Ruijerd was working on the village’ s recovery . After that, he’d probably frequent our of fice, or else take a role negotiating with the Biheiril Kingdom. Norn followed him around everywhere. It looked like she planned on staying and helping him out, at least until the village was rebuilt. “Please come and visit Sharia again once the village is finished.” “I will. I want to meet your children.” “They’re super cute.” “All parents say that about their children,” Ruijerd said, smiling. Then, he looked at me. W e were practically the same height. “Y ou really got stronger ,” he said. “I never thought you’d go as far as becoming one of the Seven Great Powers.” “You could become one right now if you wanted. One punch from you, Ruijerd, and I’m down. One punch.” “Don’ t joke.” “Still, it’ s a fact that I didn’ t get here through my own strength alone.” “Perhaps that is your strength.” “Maybe so.”

After watching me for a little while, Ruijerd smiled. He took the pendant that hung around his neck and held it out to me. It was Roxy’ s pendant. “It’s time for me to return this.” “But this is…” “It should be yours after all.” I’d given this pendant to Ruijerd when we parted for the first time. Roxy’ s pendant, the one that seemed to have at some point become my mark. This very pendant had first inspired me to go out into this world. “Thank you,” I said, and accepted it. When I gave it to him back then, it had been for a silly reason. When we’d parted I hadn’ t needed him to give it back, I’d just wanted him to take it with him. Maybe I wanted a connection with him. Now , he had given it back. Because we were already like brothers. W e wouldn’ t be parting again for a long while. “Ruijerd, you’ll have my back, right?” “I will, though it might be beyond me.” “We can each be what the other lacks.” Ruijerd chuckled. “That we can.” I smiled, and Ruijerd smiled back. *** Norn brought the mercenaries along with her , and Ruijerd went back to the village. I left the construction sites and walked to the magic circles. I thought it was about time to head back to Sharia for a bit. Then, with a start, I noticed another person coming the other way . It was Orsted wearing his black helmet as usual, and he wasn’ t alone. A black-haired boy trailed after him like a retainer . It reminded me of Atofe and Moore, or Perugius and Sylvaril. Like he’d been in this role for a hundred years. As much as I wanted to point out that I’d been here first, if it came to blows I’d lose. I kept my mouth shut. Still, whenever I saw him, my teeth were on edge.

“Is something the matter?” “No,” I muttered. “If I have done anything to of fend you, please let me know . I’ll be sure not to repeat it.” My wariness notwithstanding, Alec had grown submissive since that day. He was so earnest it made me wonder if it wasn’ t a cover for something else. Orsted demanded absolute obedience from me as well, though, so I knew it was genuine. “I understand why you are wary , but after the battle the other day , I know my place. I understand now how inexperienced and insignificant I am. I hope to devote myself to study under Sir Orsted and you, Sir Rudeus, during which time I will seek to understand what it means to be a hero, and what it means to be North God. I have had my sword hand sealed—as you can see here—as both proof of my intentions and as a warning to myself.” Alec raised his right arm to show me. It was severed cleanly at the wrist with a pattern carved into the stump. Orsted had cast that seal. Because of his immortal demon blood, Alec regenerated even when cut to pieces. He couldn’ t do it as speedily as Badigadi or Atofe, but it would inevitably happen after enough time. That was why , after cutting his right hand of f, he’d asked Orsted to put a seal on it to stop it from growing back. It was proof of his loyalty . I supplied the mana to the sealing magic circle, by the way . “I’m hardly a threat with only my left hand, am I?” Alec continued. “I think you could kill me with both arms missing, actually . With a headbutt or something.” “You needn’ t worry…but then, such modesty is to be praised, I suppose. I look forward to your continued advice and guidance.” “R-right… I really do think that, you know .” Orsted apparently trusted Alec, for he didn’ t say anything about letting him stay close. I, meanwhile, had the feeling Alec was going to knife me in the back one day . Put plainly , he scared me. Even knowing that he wasn’ t the sharpest tool in the box, scary’ s still scary .

“So, uh, if you ever find yourself thinking, ‘Gee, I really want to be in the Seven Great Powers again,’ let me know? I’ll give it back any time.” “Oh! About that, once I believe I’ve gained suf ficient experience, I will ask you again.” “You will ask me, right? Sneak attacks from behind are against the rules.” “It may be that I challenge the Sword God and not you, Master Rudeus. Though rest assured that if I do challenge you, I shall do it with honor!” “And no sharp edges, okay? I don’ t want to fight to the death.” “Understood!” At present, the Seven Great Powers stood as follows: Number One: T echnique God Laplace. Number T wo: Dragon God Orsted. Number Three: Fighting God Badigadi. Number Four: Demon God Laplace. Number Five: Death God Randolph. Number Six: Sword God Gino Britz. Number Seven: Quagmire Rudeus Greyrat. I was the only one who looked ridiculously out of place, and I didn’ t like it. It also really got me down thinking that I’d have to put up with idiots coming and attacking me to try and win a spot in the lineup. My mark was the mark of the Migurds, which I’d rarely shown of f up until now . Even after Ruijerd had returned Roxy’ s pendant to me, I didn’ t plan to start waving it around for anyone to see. No one should know who the Great Power actually was. My name wasn’ t especially well-known either , so that should keep the challengers at bay . Yeah, I’d stick with “Number Seven: Identity Unknown” for a while.